leneighteen ratingone thinking about deleting this app and just using the web on my phone cause it's more convenient.
lenfour ratingone this app really sucks!
lenseven ratingone pls fix soon or i'm deleting..
lennine ratingone don't fix an app that wasn't broken.
lenfour ratingtwo messing up big time!!!!!
lenfive ratingtwo i hate the new updates!!
lenfour ratingfour improved on most aspects.
lenten ratingfour can see a thin light of it deserving a 5star sooner
lensix ratingfive it is the best laundiyabazi adds
lenfour ratingone all around horrible performance.
lenthree ratingfour needs major update.
lenfive ratingfour update: thanks for the overhaul.
lenseven ratingone the facebook app has really gone downhill.
lentwo ratingone horrible app.
lennine ratingthree i am sick of uninstalling and reinstalling this app...
leneight ratingthree other than that i love the easy access..
lensix ratingone omg like really this is annoying...
lennine ratingone i loved it up on tell the last update...
lenseven ratingtwo not good lately used to work fine?
lenfive ratingone do not download this application!!!!!
lenfour ratingone your application is horrible.
lenfour ratingone you're a moron.
leneighteen ratingone there is not a single day that goes by that something doesn't go wrong with your program.
lenfour ratingone it's seriously absurd.
lennine ratingone again, to everyone else, do not download this application!!!!!
lenten ratingone you will have more problems than you can even imagine!!!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingthree the one for ipad is perfect though not as good as mypad , friended and friendcaster.
lenfive ratingthree however thanks for good effort
lenfive ratingtwo mobile site still works better.
leneight ratingone the website is fine but not the app.
lentwo ratingfour hridoy khan
lenten ratingthree this app now is more of a pleasure to use.
lennine ratingthree but seems recent updates are making the app worse!
lenfour ratingthree downgrading my star score
leneight ratingthree never had an issue on my droid charge.
leneight ratingone i've tried several times to download it.
lentwelve ratingtwo the facebook my phone comes with is way better then the update.
lentwelve ratingtwo how can a multi million dollar website have such a crappy app ?
lensix ratingone what is wrong with this app?
lensix ratingone on flipboard app everything is ok..
lensix ratingone native fb app just useless now...
lenfourteen ratingone i factory reset my phone so i could have the last version of facebook.
lenfive ratingfour could be si much better.
lensixteen ratingone before this update i could plz fix this i am getting very fed up with andriod
lenthree ratingfour easy banking experienc
lenfour ratingone this update is ridiculous.
lensixteen ratingone and what's even more ridiculous is the fact that they haven't fixed it yet.
lentwentynine ratingone you would think that after almost everyone gave a negitave review they would do something about it, but i guess they're too busy trying to get stock up.
leneight ratingone new update did not work on my phone..
lenfourteen ratingone i honestly wish i can down grade to the update before this one ugh!
lenseventeen ratingthree you may feel this app as a crap if you are using it for the first time.
lenseven ratingone this sucks i just use the browser
lenten ratingfive its good thet on android is fb  i love it <3<3
leneighteen ratingfive iam one of th somali ethiopians live in srs city jigjiga like every one to live peace & prograsive
leneight ratingone that's on a full 4g connection or wifi.
lenfive ratingone galaxy nexus 4g running jelly bean.
lenthirteen ratingfour i was skeptical thought that the update can't possibly be that bad .....
lentwo ratingone worst version.
lennine ratingtwo i thought zuckerberg was a better programmer than this
lenfourteen ratingone is it really that difficult to make and keep a fb application that works?
leneleven ratingone it seems like for every step forward they take two backwards.
lentwentyone ratingtwo will reevaluate once that's fixed as i hate using data when i have a hot spot right next to me.
lenfive ratingone please review and help user.
lenfive ratingfive smile and let others smile
lensix ratingone this version of facebook is sucks.
lensix ratingfour developers please work on problem soon......
leneight ratingfive fb is my newspaper.without facebook no lifebook
lenthirteen ratingone it was completely worthless, removed all updates and now it works fine again.
lenthirteen ratingone this has been a problem since day one of using this crap app...
leneleven ratingone if my laptop wasn't broke u would never use this.....
lentwelve ratingfive it is easy to use this app than searching for this website.
lenseven ratingfour so i think it shoud be updated...
lenfive ratingfour otherwise its a good app..
leneight ratingfive good thing i read the comments before updating ;))
lentwo ratingone app sucks.
lenfive ratingfour then you'll get 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive awsome app meets my expictations
lensixteen ratingone i don't know what is happening with this application,but it's working extremely bad!
leneleven ratingone why can't all facebook apps be in one application yet?
lensix ratingone no wonder everyone is leaving facebook.
lentwo ratingfive great apps
leneight ratingfour very helpful in staying connected with social friends
lentwentysix ratingone i swear when i first got my android phone several months ago, this fb app worked great,, but it seems with every update, it gets worse.
lenthirteen ratingone i have uninstalled, ide rather use fb on my internet browser then this!
lenfourteen ratingtwo no what i expected from an app with more thab a hundred million downloads..
lensix ratingtwo major bugs needs to be fixed..
lennine ratingone i wish i could uninstall this piece of crap
leneight ratingtwo this app is really starting to irritate me.
lenfour ratingtwo this app is horrible
lensix ratingfive can't live without this app
lensix ratingtwo it only works half the time...
lenthree ratingfive i love facebook.
lenten ratingfive i love the updates, the fast loading and so on.
lenfive ratingfive i'm mainly addicted lol..
lenten ratingone the new update has rendered this app useless to me.
lennine ratingthree new updates of fb app is not working correctly.
lenfifteen ratingone kill someone to make the others put more effort into this huge companies interface please?
leneight ratingone google+ might gain some ground after this one...
lennine ratingone just updated & still no better than before, terrible app.
lennine ratingone we deserve a much better app than this surely!!
leneleven ratingone this is rhe worst facebook ever, developers must be drug addics...
leneight ratingone new up grade just sucks plain an simple!!
lenthree ratingfive read the permissions!
lenfive ratingfive best social net work ever !
lenfifteen ratingone when @ first your phn is new,apps run great then after each update everything sucks.
leneight ratingone i avoid certain updates like fb n youtube.
lenthirteen ratingone i'd like to give you a big fat 0 for the latest update.
lensix ratingone 2/5 update: it just keeps getting worse!
lenfour ratingone you suck, app developers!!!
leneight ratingthree i have had to uninstall it 2 times already.
lensix ratingthree please try and fix it soon!
lenseven ratingfour day by day its bcoming the worst...
leneighteen ratingfour testing my patience like anything worst uploading of the homepage itself n god knows abt d other things.......
leneighteen ratingone i have to agree with many here, that the quality fo fb for android has drastically dropped recently.
lenthirtyone ratingone i believe that if fb wants to put out a good product out there for us the end user, they need to expand in their android development for all current devices.
lentwentynine ratingone i mean if they can develop consistent products, and this also applies to other social media they own, for apple then they should deliver the same quality for us!
lenfive ratingtwo worst update ever like wtf.
leneighteen ratingone i dont think im invisible bc my kids see me walking around the house sooooo what the heck?!?!?
lenseventeen ratingone i have seen many many many complaints on here about this same thing yet its still happening....
lenfourteen ratingone i'm thinking it would be pretty darn cool of u to fix this...
leneleven ratingone if i did my job this way, i'd be fired.
leneleven ratingone every time you update you create more problems than you fix.
lenfive ratingone this whole app is terrible.
lenfive ratingone apples app is far better.
lenthirteen ratingone maybe it's time to say bye bye facebook over this terrible app
lenten ratingone not at all impressed with these "upgrades" for smart phones.
lensix ratingfour use it everyday with my games!
lenthirteen ratingone how many complaints does there need to be before the problem gets fixed?
lensix ratingone fb randomly kicks the can again.
lenthree ratingfive need more modifications
lenfive ratingtwo im on gs3 with full 4g signal.
lennine ratingtwo has made everything sooo simple, light and faster :d
leneight ratingtwo [edit] reduced the number of stars from 5 to 2.
leneight ratingfour facebook mobile is really great social networking experience.
lennine ratingfour apart from a few bugs it's great overall.
lenfive ratingone gets worse with every update.
lenfive ratingone get your act together facebook.
lensix ratingtwo i hope fb can fix this.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i have read a lot of the reviews and comments here and it seems like everyone with the samsung galaxy phones r having similar problems.
lentwentyone ratingone used to be great and work properly now its useless the mobile site is way faster so the app is pointless!!!
lentwentyone ratingthree apps with less devs and less funding can do a better job, facebook should be an industry standard of quality, but....
lenfive ratingtwo using htc sense to upload.
lentwo ratingone facebook app.
lenseven ratingone im gonna chech it on my browser.
lentwo ratingone total dissapointment!
lennine ratingone fix this app and i might download it again.
lenfour ratingfive awesome app be facebook
leneleven ratingone droid htc incredible 2 is what i'm running my app on.
lentwo ratingone absolutely awful!!
leneight ratingone with each "update" fb app just gets worse!!!
lenfive ratingone i will be un-installing.
lensixteen ratingone if i could give it 0 stars i would   leaving my old review \/ since the recent "upgrade"
leneight ratingone the entire app is now barely worth keeping.
lenthree ratingfive great app 5 stars :)
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo it's not working on my phone at all right i'm not going golfing browser facebook comes up a lot better please fix it used to work like a week ago
lennineteen ratingone i always have to go directly to the web on my laptop to do anything  facebook is messing up :(
lennine ratingone even stopping the app and reopening doesn't work.
lennine ratingone facebook still can't make an app for android.
lentwentytwo ratingfour much better uninstall the old app then re-install the new one than just update it by install over the old app
lensix ratingone every update makes the app worse...
leneight ratingfive best app after updating it become more faster.
lenfifteen ratingfour this app is very cool i used to have it and it worked great :d
leneleven ratingfour i had deleted the app & then decided to get it again.
leneleven ratingfour all of the sudden the app does not work,no more!
lenthree ratingtwo level up guys ..
lentwo ratingone pure garbage.
leneight ratingone shouldn't of even bothered making this app....
leneight ratingfive this app now can share things, chat express..
lentwelve ratingfive facebook is a great app ansd it become better after each update
lennine ratingfive i like it so people can contact each others
lentwo ratingone running terrible.
leneight ratingfive very good app i like it very much.
lenfour ratingfour ok till some extent
lenfifteen ratingone it must be pretty bad when there are almost half as many 1 stars as 5 stars...
lenthirteen ratingone and those 5 stars are probably really really old, back when everything worked fine....
lensix ratingone isn't that telling you something?
lentwelve ratingone i am going to uninstall until i read better reviews about upgrades.
lentwenty ratingone goodbye facebook app, hello facebook mobile website instead (for the times i actually even use facebook anymore which gets rarer)
lenfive ratingone it gets worse and worse.
lentwentyone ratingone i have this app because i need it for fast facebook access but i must say that i hate the app!
lenfour ratingone update the app asap!
lenthree ratingone this app sucks!!!!
lentwentyeight ratingone every time i update it it goes from ok to worse, then another update comes around and its a little better, then wham worse with the next update.
lentwelve ratingthree the touch screen on my phone works fine in every other aspect.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i've used this app on a galaxy s, s2 lte & now my note 2.
lenfive ratingtwo this is becoming very annoying.
leneleven ratingtwo please fix soon so i can rate this app with 5 stars.
lenten ratingthree how do i tag photo of myself from others picture?
lenthree ratingfive i love facebook
lenten ratingtwo i heared that zuckerberg is a die hard apple fan!!
lenthree ratingtwo maybe thats why!
lenthirteen ratingtwo very poor app, he can hire better developers and spare time and money..
lenfour ratingtwo jus use the browser..
lennine ratingtwo no matter how hard they try in the updates..
lenthree ratingtwo try harder zuck.
lensix ratingfour best app ever <3 especially for me .
lenfour ratingone worthless 98% of the time.
lenfive ratingone better off using your browser.
lentwelve ratingone it dont even work properly honested it plays up all the time
lennine ratingone i thought updates were supposed to be an improvement???
lenten ratingone you must kill it from a task manager or reboot.
lenseventeen ratingone you'd think the tinkerers @ fb would get something right here but this app is just annoying.
lenthree ratingone reduced to 1 star.
lentwo ratingthree great improvements
lensix ratingfour i love facebook more than anything
lensix ratingthree the second attempt usually works fine.
lentwenty ratingone it's pretty darn annoying and has forced me to use my computer instead, which of course means less fb.
lenseven ratingone seriously,  everytime facebook updates, it's worse!
lensix ratingtwo getting very aggravated after latest update.
leneight ratingfive iphone app is beastin this out the box!!
lenfifteen ratingfive since the updates, facebook for android has become, in my opinion, a much better app.
lenfifteen ratingfive it's easy to use, and you can now effectively see an 'offline news feed'!
lenthirtyseven ratingfive with simple-to-use features such as a 'pull down and release' mechanism to refresh the page, a swipe-out chat bar on the right and a swipe-out menu on the left, user friendliness is great!
lenfifteen ratingfive the app is quick to run, and doesn't consume battery life when running either!
leneleven ratingfive overall, a superbly updated app from the previous versions, very happy!
lensixteen ratingtwo i no longer am downloading updates for facebook they don't help or make it better
lensix ratingtwo very disappointed with the latest update.
leneleven ratingone i updated facebook and it wont work now please fix it
lensix ratingfour much better now, the latest update.
lenfive ratingtwo also feels clunky to use.
lenten ratingtwo meaning android task manager needs to step in to kill.
lenfourteen ratingtwo sent a report several times in the past, don't see this being fixed.
lenfour ratingtwo so moving to alternatives.
lenseven ratingone i thought the updates supposed to help.
lenten ratingone a lot of my friends are having trouble as well.
lenten ratingtwo is anyone else having this problem or have a solution?
leneight ratingtwo i've even uninstalled and reinstalled the app.
leneleven ratingone app is beyond a joke, every update makes the app worse
leneleven ratingthree network is fine, it works for every other app i have. .
lentwentyone ratingone i have had enough of your nagging and insinuations that i am a lonely man in need of more online companionship.
lennine ratingtwo never updates,  easier to use web browser, not happy!
lenseven ratingtwo would recommend just using browser for now.
lenseven ratingone google+ for mobile is so much better.
lensix ratingone because they listen to there users.
lentwelve ratingone i had this working on my phone until a few days ago.
lenfourteen ratingone for god's sake, fix this otherwise i'll just not be using facebook!
lenseven ratingthree was so glad to have this app...
lenfourteen ratingthree im a facebook junkie but ever since the last update i've been screwed...
lennine ratingthree so annoyed, i'm afraid to update anything now...
lensix ratingone i don't dance that dance!
lensix ratingthree since new update its playing up!!!
lennine ratingfour it takes longer time to update make it fast...!!!
lenthree ratingfive love this app..
leneight ratingthree i really like itbest facebook app upgrade yet.
lenseven ratingthree especially since i hated the last one !!!
lennine ratingtwo i have verizon 4g with the droid razer max hd.
lenfifteen ratingtwo the phone and network are extremely fast for every other app and the internet browser.
lenfive ratingone the app itself works fine.
lenseven ratingone fb update i hate the new update..
leneight ratingone i sure hope they figure this out fast.
lennine ratingfive amaizing software it works fast i like this one
lenseven ratingone everytime they updates it it get worse.
lenthree ratingone doesnt work, crap!
lenfour ratingone facebook, your app sucks!
lenfour ratingone you suck donkey balls!!!
lenfourteen ratingone i see the iphone application has a terrible following, at least you're consistent.
lentwelve ratingone nobody needs it to look pretty, how about getting it functional first.
lenfour ratingfour buy pretty well satisfied
lennine ratingone the team really needs to pick up their feet.
lentwentythree ratingone it's almost better just to go to the website directly from my mobile web browser then it is to use the app.
lennine ratingone it doesn't matter if i have 3g, 4g or wifi!
lenfive ratingfour feel great to have it!
lensixteen ratingone instead of faffing around adding things that aren't needed sort all the other issues out.
lenten ratingone why do you have to complicate things all the time.
lenfive ratingone very very bad user experience.
lenfive ratingone dead useless since latest update.
lennine ratingone don't want or need what they've added.
leneleven ratingone the app was working fine, until two or three updates ago.
leneighteen ratingone why is there a rating section if they don't even look at it and fix the problems?
lentwo ratingone bad performance
leneighteen ratingone dear facebook devs, could you please drop your iphones for a while and take care of android platform!
lenfourteen ratingone r u guys ever gonna fix all the problems with this app or what???
lenthree ratingfour finally native app
lenfour ratingone app sucks any more..
lenfifteen ratingone it will run great then u add a upgrade and then it runs like crap
lennine ratingone its cool this app performing view equal to pc.
lentwentyone ratingfive the way facebook app and mobile site seems to be decreasing in workmanship, facebook owners must not care about facebook users.
lenseven ratingfive it's like they are joking around.
lenseven ratingfive i remember when the app did work.
lenthree ratingone what happened facebook?
lenseventeen ratingone if i go to the same status but opening directly from my timeline, the comment posts ok.
lentwo ratingone proper annoying!
lenfour ratingone updates are for improving!
leneighteen ratingone over 1 million one star reviews - the worst in the market (& one of the most invasive) & still going downhill.
lensix ratingone i do not trust this app.
leneighteen ratingone this app's only plus is that it gives you a *glimpse* of your facebook feed, at best.
lenthirteen ratingone other than that, the app fails on delivering any sort of reliable functionality.
lenten ratingone completely unacceptable from such a large company such as facebook.
lensix ratingthree still a bit buggy at times
lenfive ratingfour simply most useful app around!
lenfourteen ratingtwo with every update they seem to solve bugs there's always a new issue
lensix ratingone i want a low maintenance app.
lentwo ratingone app sucks
lenthree ratingthree need some improvement
lennine ratingfive i love this app and use it every day
lenfive ratingone this app sucks for android.
lenten ratingone when i use it on my iphone , its near instant.
lenfour ratingone i expected something better.
lentwelve ratingone i have an ipad and it is as instant as my iphone.
lenten ratingone im giving you a chance and so far, you failed .
leneighteen ratingone are we ever going to get an update where things are going great for longer than several weeks?
lenfour ratingone each upgrade gets worse.
lenseven ratingone i just use mobile web based now.
lensix ratingone for the love of god fb.
leneleven ratingone it worked ok for me until i got the latest update.
leneleven ratingone seems they took a buggy app and introduced even more bugs.
lenseven ratingone if it isnt fixed soon im uninstalling.
lenseven ratingone un-install and the phone runs perfectly!
lensix ratingfive its very fast with voice messages
lensixteen ratingone as convenient as it is to have this on my phone, it's just as annoying.
lenthree ratingone unuseable its nonfunctioning
lenfive ratingthree facebook fans download it now!!!!!!!!!!
leneight ratingone i'm on 4g and wi-fi, no excuses...
lenfive ratingtwo the most recent update sucks.
leneight ratingone i have to uninstall and reinstall every 2 days.
leneleven ratingtwo after years of development the app is still full of bugs.
lensixteen ratingtwo instead of adding more features why do you try and get the basic features functional first.
lensix ratingone no, facebook, no. stop asking me.
lensix ratingone my granny is faster than rubbish !!!
lensix ratingone it is a useless junk application!
lenfive ratingone did u know updating means???
lensixteen ratingone i gave 1 star coz i took it for free, but it is better to be uninstalled.
leneight ratingone recent updates have made this app completely useless.
lentwelve ratingone an app from a publicly traded company should perform much much better.
lenten ratingone when this app was, you know, simple, it was great.
lenseven ratingone i'm deleting it from my phone.
leneight ratingone g+ and twitter from now on i guess.
lennineteen ratingthree always stop for no reason an when i try to report it will not let me y is that
lennine ratingone the android version of the facebook app is terrible!
lentwo ratingtwo samsung charge.
lensix ratingone please fix this piece of crap!
lentwentythree ratingone facebook for iphone /ipod gets a new update like every week why is it so hard to do a good update for android????
leneight ratingtwo i love the pop up window for comments.
leneight ratingtwo i wish the other issues would be fixed
lensix ratingone nice work on the image previews.
lenseven ratingone this app works properly 5-10% if the time.
lennine ratingfive it is nice and easy to contact my friends.
lenseven ratingone this app sucks plz update it soon ...
lenfour ratingone i am using 3g connection ...
leneleven ratingone i wil give it 5 star rating if it solves these problems
lennine ratingone this crap just seems to get worse and worse.
leneight ratingone thanks facebook for your censorship and horrible app
lenfive ratingtwo facebook needs some major work!
lenfive ratingfive after updating facing several issues.
lenseven ratingfive and many more so finally uninstalled it.
lensix ratingfive opera is working beter than this.
lentwo ratingfive nice job
leneleven ratingone i've waited, reported & am going to uninstall this useless app.
lensix ratingfive why i didnt use my facebook...
lensix ratingfive i install many times i think...
lennineteen ratingfour since most user used this app, add some report page button also, some fp just threaten another country, etc
leneleven ratingfive i've been using facebook since 2008, the fb developed so much!
lensixteen ratingfive and i hope it would be the top 1 again in the play store top free category! :))
lentwo ratingfive cool interface!!!!!!!!
lenthree ratingfive better features please
lenseven ratingfive very useful update for my htc desire.
leneleven ratingtwo this app should be called ice powered by ms windows me.
lennine ratingtwo so usually if its only a really quick poop.
lenten ratingtwo its good but needs to be a lil more upgraded
lensix ratingone this app has many frustrating bugs.
lenfourteen ratingone im reinstalling to see if this whack app fixes itself, new phone motorola electrify.
lentwo ratingone poor development!!!
lenfour ratingfour who dont like fb???
lenten ratingone i have deleted and reinstalled the fb app 4 times now.
lenthree ratingone your updates suck..
lentwelve ratingone youre multi million $$ business you should know how to fix these things..
lennine ratingone or may be i'll just go to twitter
lentwo ratingfour nice app
lentwo ratingfive love fb
leneleven ratingone cant blame my phone g3 works great with all my other apps
leneight ratingone i am bored to send all time reports.
lennine ratingone does the exact opposite of what this app says :/....
lenfour ratingone the worst app ever!
lenthirteen ratingone either updaye and fix the bugs or downgrade back to the last version!!!
lentwo ratingone samsung infuse
lenseven ratingthree everything was good till this last update....
lenten ratingone facebook team really the worst & most dumbfuck developer ever exist!!!
lentwelve ratingone this app need to be flagged as shi7 & remove it from playstore forever.
lenfour ratingone always screwing with android.
leneight ratingtwo pretty much every other time i open it.
lenseven ratingone please fix all these annoying bugs immediately!!!
lenfive ratingone wish i could remove update.
lenfour ratingone app great, support terrible
lenthree ratingtwo need an upadate
lentwo ratingfour faster abit
lennineteen ratingone i thought fb would be much better on my new tablet compared to app on my 2 yr old blackberry.
lenfour ratingone boy was i wrong!
leneight ratingthree i read some forums about it as well.
leneight ratingone everything else i do on mobile site instead.
lenthree ratingthree facebook is awesome
lentwo ratingfive wow great
lenfive ratingthree i love me some facebook
lensix ratingfive i met a lot of people.
lenseven ratingfour i enjoy facebook, i enjoy this app.
lenfive ratingfour i enjoy the facebook app.
lenseven ratingthree may remove and just start using web.
lenthree ratingone crappiest app ever!!!!
lenfive ratingone uninstalled and now no probs...
lenfour ratingone fix your stupid site!!!!!
lenfourteen ratingone i guess this is what kind of service you get when ppl are greedy...
lenten ratingtwo just delete app and most of the bugs will disappear.
lensix ratingone the facebook apps are getting worse!
lenfourteen ratingone the original app was the best but thats never good enough for you people!
lentwo ratingthree wats hpning?
lenthree ratingtwo newest update sucks!!
leneight ratingone the app worked just fine before it "updated"
lenfour ratingone new update screwed it!
lentwentyfive ratingone you'd think with this being an app that has so many complaints it would fix them instead of adding new stuff to the app??
lenfourteen ratingthree i have to use foursquare if i want to check into a new place.
lenthree ratingone deleting this trash.
lenfour ratingone you have 24 hrs facebook.
lenthree ratingfive good socail media
lenseven ratingtwo it was faster before the last update.
lentwo ratingone horrible app.
lensix ratingone one day it was all fine..
lenfive ratingtwo i hate the new updates.
lensix ratingtwo i want to old fb back.
lennine ratingone worse than the old app & that was bad enough!
lensix ratingone seriously don't bother with it!
lenthirtyseven ratingfour i think it's cool on your phone because if you don't have wifi or signal on your phone you will be still log-in and send suff to people on facebook it really cool o:-)
lentwo ratingone absolute garbage!
lenfive ratingone so tired of this crap.
leneight ratingone get your heads out ou of your a**.
lenfive ratingone one step forward, 100 steps back.
lennine ratingone simplify this fat app so it actually works again.
lenseven ratingone supposed to b updating to improve performance...
lensix ratingone very bad report on my behalf :(
lenseventeen ratingone thought the last update was horrible but i was wrong the most recent one is even worse
lentwelve ratingtwo this is one of my main lines to family in other states.
lenthree ratingfive i love facebook
lenfour ratingthree pllzz fix it asap
lennine ratingone i don't wanna download another app for that!!!!
lennine ratingthree after most recent update i am this app sucks...
lenten ratingtwo please fix so i can fix rating back to 5 star.
lenfive ratingone twitter app is way better.
lensix ratingone i wish i'd never upgraded.
lenten ratingone please bring out a better upgrade this one is whack!
lentwo ratingtwo terrible app.
lenten ratingone it's supposed to be helpful but it's not
lenthree ratingone this app sucks.
leneight ratingone what's the point of the crap updates?
leneight ratingone the other version was working fine for me.
leneight ratingtwo takes forever to update or to do anything.
lennineteen ratingone lol i've quit installing the updates because it seems when they fix one thing two more problems appear...
lenthree ratingone sucks a lot
lennine ratingone its not even my internet as webpages are fine!
lenfifteen ratingone facebook on android needs work, stop focussing on ios and look at the android side.
lenseven ratingone there are too many bugs nower days
lenten ratingthree better u guys are on the right path good job...
lensixteen ratingfive been using this app since last year and the progress is getting in the right direction :)
lenten ratingone once again there is an update that ruins the app.
lenfive ratingone only happened since last update.
lenthirteen ratingfour i haven't updated for like 2 years so its not slow for me
lennine ratingtwo i hope a update fixes it and quick too!
leneleven ratingtwo or i'll just use my browser and uninstall this app!
lenfour ratingone awful on the nexus 10.
lenthirteen ratingfive it works good on my phone haven't had any problem so far
lennineteen ratingthree so i had to uninstall it and use my phone's browser's facebook which works just as good.
lenthree ratingone won't update.
lennine ratingone until it is fixed, this app gets one star!
lenfour ratingfive ok ok ok ok
lensix ratingone can i give it zero stars??
lentwenty ratingone all suck&i end up going online to use the program over what it supposed to be the easier app.
lenfifteen ratingone fix it now or i'll do whatever i can, including stopping using fb altogether.
leneight ratingfive its screwed up the previous one is better
leneight ratingone fix the problems and i'll rate higher.!
leneleven ratingone they seriously need to get a better developer for this app.
lenthirteen ratingone currently, the app isn't even signed properly so it won't install.
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love facebook!!
lenseven ratingone update my atatus already tried installing again.
leneight ratingone i've never had problems until this update.
lenthree ratingone soooo many errors..
lenfive ratingone wtf did you guys do?!
lenseven ratingone my phone want even download the update.
leneight ratingone what the hell is wrong w u guys...
lenseven ratingone u guys should all lose your jobs.
lentwo ratingone htc thunderbolt.
leneighteen ratingone i would get on this other wise there's not much good to be said for this app
leneleven ratingfive never had problems with this app before or after any updates
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenseven ratingthree happened on my fiancé's razr m too
lentwo ratingone horrible app....
leneight ratingone reinstall again also didn't settle my prob.
leneight ratingone plz fix this prob as soon as possible.
lenseven ratingfive i love it like on da real
lenfive ratingone was great til latest update.
lennine ratingone but can if i go on the web browser.
lentwentythree ratingone that needs sorting, it's not my phone or connection as i use other apps all the time including sat nav without problem.
lentwentythree ratingfour if you can't see any pictures or are having other issues try uninstalling then installing the app, and then restart your phone.
lentwo ratingfive super app
lensix ratingtwo you'll need to update asap!
lenten ratingtwo can't this app go one day without any problems?
lenfour ratingtwo this app is aidsy
lensixteen ratingone i hate android facebook app its annoying too much they should update it plz 1 star only
lenfive ratingthree posts via facebook for android
lentwo ratingone sooooooooooooo stupid
lenthree ratingthree nt so cool..
lenseven ratingone facebook was fine before the lattest update!!
lenfour ratingtwo i shouldnt have upgraded.
lenten ratingone seems facebook keeps spinning it's wheels trying to update.
lentwelve ratingthree i loved the new update but this latest update messed it up.
lennine ratingone i have tried uninstalling & installing again but still nothing.
lenfive ratingfive awsme app,,, i love it,,, :)
lenthirteen ratingtwo it was awful before the updates by knockin me out of the app.
lenfour ratingtwo it keeps getting worse.
lentwelve ratingone i hope you can make the app just like the ios version.
lenseventeen ratingone it's more reliable to use facebook in the web browser of the phone than the app.
lenthree ratingone sucks soooo much!
lenten ratingone the update before the recent one was so much better!
lensix ratingone this is the worst app ever!
leneleven ratingone i seriously used it for a month and it stoped working
lensix ratingfive the updates to facebook are improving..
lenfour ratingfive facebook definitely gets 5 stars!
lensix ratingone gets worse with every update thanks :-/
lenfive ratingone all the time, hate that!!!
lennine ratingfour sucks tried getting rid of if it horrible app
lennineteen ratingtwo i think this is why words with friends won't work anymore either since it ties into facebook friends.
lentwelve ratingone for such a high quality site, your app is very poor quality.
lentwentythree ratingfour now if i plan to write a long-ish post, i type it in my notepad app, and cut&paste it into facecbook.
lennineteen ratingfour this is very annoying, please fix this (i'm using s3, don't know if the bug is phone-specific).
lensix ratingfour otherwise i'd give it 5 stars.
lensix ratingfour not critical, but would be handy.
lentwentyfour ratingone not only is this annoying but it is very frustrating when i'm trying to talk to my husband who is deployed in afghanistan.
lensixteen ratingone facebook is our main source of communication when he gets some (not often) time to talk.
lenfive ratingtwo it becomes worse than previously
lentwelve ratingone this app is the worst, i ever seen on a samsung phone.
leneight ratingthree it's not the best app for facebook.
lenfive ratingthree their mobile site loads better.
lenthirty ratingthree i don't know if it's just because i have an older phone, or if it's their app, but either way, the other social media apps work better.
lenfour ratingone the newest update sucks...
lenfive ratingone app fails all the time
lennineteen ratingone there are way too many problems with this app for me to recommend anyone to install one there device.
lenfive ratingone needs to improve, otherwise 5star app
lenfour ratingone this app sucks bad.
lennine ratingone i use the internet instead most of the time.
lenfifteen ratingtwo its so irritating i don't even like to use it like i used to.
lensix ratingthree 5 stars if these issues are resolved!
lennine ratingfive its the best in convenece but needs an update
lentwo ratingone fuckin sucks...
leneight ratingtwo i have to constantly remind me of that
lentwelve ratingone if i didn't move across country i would delete this app...
lenthirteen ratingone it's been like this for 3 updates now seriously this is getting old.
lenten ratingone if i knew more people with google + i would switch.
lenseven ratingone this deserved rating in negative if possible
leneleven ratingone you guys really need to get it together for fb mobile.
lenfour ratingone it keeps getting worse.
lenfourteen ratingone some of the screw ups that i can even remember, there's so many...
lenthree ratingthree but need improvement
lennine ratingthree the older version of this app is much better. :(
leneight ratingone more than a month now without the app.
lenfive ratingone will not update or install.
lenfive ratingone despite having full lte signal.
lenthirty ratingtwo every time i see there's an update for facebook i just know there's a chance of decreased quality in the app but this last one was especially horrible.
leneight ratingtwo they really screwed the pooch on this app.
lenseven ratingone getting worse each day after last update.
lensix ratingone i have to restart app often.
lenten ratingone this app is now total and utter piece of crap.
lenthree ratingthree verry good software
lenfour ratingone i hate this app...
lenten ratingtwo i don't uderstand why you people not doing anything.
lenthree ratingone makes me sad.
leneight ratingone please fix this then dont do anymore updates!!!!
lenfifteen ratingone please update it very soon earlier update was much much faster than the latest update.
lenfour ratingfive facebook is da best
lensixteen ratingone if you want your memory taken over by just one app then this is for you.
leneleven ratingone soon the only operating app is going to be just this.
leneleven ratingfive i like this app very much but it could use chat
lenfive ratingone becoming worse after every update.
lenten ratingone i uninstalled and now i use messenger and opera browser.
lennine ratingone why is messenger getting better and facebook becoming worse?
lenfour ratingfive suck after update it...
lenfourteen ratingone if you are looking at updating this app i sincerely hope you don't.
lenfour ratingone worst app update ever.
leneight ratingone used to have a 5 star rating from me
lensix ratingfour fb should pay attentions for that
lentwo ratingfive awsum app...?
leneleven ratingone dont really like using facebook mobile but at least its reliable.
lensix ratingone always used for higher level mobiles.
lentwentysix ratingtwo i have the samsung galaxy exhilerate, which is a very fast phone so i know its not because of that, i'm also running jelly bean.
lenfour ratingfive very nice one lool
lenfour ratingone is completely a crap.
lentwelve ratingone due seems like nobody at facebook tests properly for the real world.
lenten ratingone its almost like they assume facebook is the only app.
lenseventeen ratingone i've not exploited google's yet, but facebook is starting to push us users that way.
leneight ratingone wake up facebook, start developing apps like grownups.
lennineteen ratingone hassling out crap app updates is going to be your demise if you don't get your act together.
lensix ratingfour shuts off some times but good
leneight ratingone the app is a streaming pile of crap.
lentwelve ratingone always has been, and i don't expect better in the future.
lenthree ratingone very poor app
lenten ratingfive fb is always a bigest addiction to all nd me 2...
lenthree ratingone updates always suck -.-"
lensix ratingone never using fb on phone again.
lenfive ratingtwo gets worse with every update...
lentwo ratingtwo becoming useless...
lenfifteen ratingone so i'm rating it 1 because it is the only possible rating i could give
lenfour ratingone really poor, buggy app.
lenthirteen ratingone using the website is a lot quicker and i can actually post things.
leneight ratingone samsung stratosphere the app won't even work.
lenfour ratingone your app sucks, schmuckerberg.
leneighteen ratingone i have a motorola electrify and facebook will not allow any facebook apps to function on my phone..
lenfourteen ratingone so i'm paying the price for these electronic moguls to feed their fued..
lentwentyone ratingone what wrong with facebook app on android since there was nothing wrong with ios facebook app in my iphone before this..
lenfourteen ratingone i am always going toy browser to reply back, too much waste of time..
lentwo ratingone app deleted.
lennine ratingone so stop tampering with something that worked perfectly well
lennine ratingone after the update it's not working any more.
lenfive ratingfive i wan't update it.
lenfour ratingfive no need to comment........
lenfour ratingone seriously, what happened dude?
lensix ratingtwo not thrilled with the new version.
lennineteen ratingthree have you actually seen the facebook appstore app please try to put the android app up to that standard .........
lensix ratingone getting annoyed with the new update
lensix ratingone previous updates were a lot better!
lenten ratingone much much easier to use facebook through the browser now :(
lenthree ratingtwo galaxy siii user!
lensix ratingfive open facebook faster and photos also
lentwelve ratingone i have samsung s2 n my friend who has s3 has the same issue.
lenfive ratingone is fb boycutting samsung phones?!
lenten ratingone i realized most samsung users have problems on this app.
lenfifteen ratingthree this app needs to be a lot more vanilla instead of jam-packed with bloatware.
lenthree ratingone just plain terrible
lenten ratingone it used to be better before i allowed the update.
lenthree ratingone worthless to download
lenseven ratingone i like the old one way better.
lentwo ratingone horrible app!!
leneleven ratingone i rarely leave bads reviews, but this app has earned it.
lensix ratingone this fb app for android stinks!
lenfive ratingone many more cons than pros.
lenfour ratingtwo i like this application.
lenseven ratingtwo but i want my update via samsung.
lennine ratingfive facebook is the best red social of the world
lenfive ratingfive installed and it works fine
lenseven ratingone fix whatever went wrong with this update!
lenten ratingone have to use my browser until you fix this app.
lenseven ratingone you guys have to fix this soon!!!
lenthree ratingone makes me mad!!!
lentwo ratingfive cool app
lenfourteen ratingfive i like facebook everyone has one so i decided to make my facebook page
lentwelve ratingtwo its really good im able to connect with my friends more easily
leneight ratingone please fix this then dont do anymore updates!!!!
lenfourteen ratingtwo it acts up too much if they fixed it i would rate it 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive easy facebook access
lentwelve ratingthree had to go back to the factory version for the time being.
lennine ratingthree did not have this problem until last couple updates.
lenfour ratingone my connection is okay.
lenthree ratingone time to update!
lenfive ratingone sick of pls fix it!!!!
lenten ratingone its sad when the browser works better than the app.
leneight ratingone clearly, it has a flaw along those lines.
lenthirteen ratingtwo makes me not like my phone sometimes but it's clearly the app.
lenfive ratingthree actual improvements would be nice.
lenseven ratingtwo it sucks but i've seen worse.
lenfifteen ratingtwo facebook has a lot of work to do though and they better do it asap.
lensix ratingone removed it and using just browser
lenfive ratingfour then i'll give 5 star...
lentwelve ratingone i don't like how every time i go on the app.
lenthirteen ratingone the non-app version doesn't have all the crap in the stream.
leneleven ratingone i get social, but where is my option to opt out.
lenfive ratingfive best facebook app for chat
lensixteen ratingone i had to uninstall your app then reinstall it by updating to get it to work.
lensix ratingone please your updating screws it up.
lenten ratingone so from now on i will not allow automatic updating.
lenseven ratingone i will manually update the app myself.
lenseven ratingone still no stars over one, for rating!
lennine ratingfour works really well on my android razor love it
lenthirteen ratingthree i have to go to the internet on my phone amd do it.
lentwelve ratingone ive uninstalled and reinstalled expecting something different but getting the same results.
lensix ratingone just call me and this "insane!"
leneight ratingone how can i enjoy fb with these issues???
lentwenty ratingfive what is totally awesome because blackies are the ask i need to use cut my friends and stuff my facebook.
lennine ratingtwo all aspects of the app are spotty at best.
lenseven ratingtwo using web browser to surf facebook now.
lenfour ratingfour i love the app!
lenseven ratingtwo have reported numerous times with no fix.
lennine ratingone my facebook was working good in till my update.
lenfour ratingone amazing app love it <3
lenfour ratingone lots of errors problems!
lentwelve ratingthree it hardly ever works, and i'd love to see it fixed.
leneight ratingone i am sooo in agreement with paul rowland!
lenseventeen ratingone i can't tell u how upsetting it is to see an app that has over 100,000,000 users
lennine ratingone have uninstalled multiple times and updated, but nothing helps.
lentwentytwo ratingfive it isn't compatible with rootbox rom on android 4.2 on the market, but i searched the web and it installed just fine
lentwentyone ratingone is it that hard being a massive coporation to listen to your users and make an app that f*cking works!
lentwo ratingfive fb forever
lennine ratingone no, i don't want to find new friends
lenseven ratingthree why isn't this feature working properly?
lentwo ratingthree pretty annoying.
lenseven ratingone the browser works better than the app....
lenfour ratingone i uninstalled this app
lenfive ratingone pls fix for motorola xt-502.
leneleven ratingfour this app is not so bad as people's reviews say ...
lenthirtynine ratingfour i have not updated it since a very old version b/c of the reviews but when i did i liked it its ok a lot faster than old version not so much lags for my way of using
lennineteen ratingone just removed update and back to build in version (old 1 year i think) and now every thing is smooth.
lenfive ratingone so 0 stars for new update
lensixteen ratingone i realize this is a free app but how difficult is it to make it work.
lenfourteen ratingone friendcaster is free too and that's what i'm using from now on.
lenthree ratingone your app sucks.
lentwo ratingone simply ridiculous.
lenthree ratingone really bad app.
lentwo ratingone getting worse.
lenfive ratingone completely foolish and uninituative app...
lenthree ratingfive awesome basically awesome
lentwo ratingfive awesome app..
lenthree ratingfive very goog ap
lenseven ratingfive this app is very nice and fast!!
lennine ratingfive i love being able 2 catch up wiv my frends.
lenfour ratingfive facebook is my world
lennine ratingone i dont use facebook therfore i dont want it.
lenthree ratingone very poor app!
lentwo ratingone basically useless!
lenseven ratingone i don't really like using it.
lenten ratingone the app makes me think facebook is even more overrated.
lensix ratingone it should've never gone public.
lenthirteen ratingone each update gets worse and worse, even if i uninstall and then reinstall.
lennine ratingone please fix this asap, starting to get really annoying.
lennine ratingone can not get on facebook where is some help.
lenthree ratingfive sister loves it
lenfive ratingtwo tired of all the errors!
leneleven ratingthree my mobile is low range one it troubleing to this app
lenfourteen ratingfive i have installed and unistalled for many times but still having the same problem..
lennineteen ratingfour keep it up, inspite of encountering major or minor bugs i consider you as a champion of social network
lenfourteen ratingone facebook is worth so much money, but cannot even make an app that works.
lenthree ratingone samsung galaxy iii
lenseven ratingtwo itd be great if youd fix this.
lenseventeen ratingone i recently bought a samsung galaxy tab 10 inch, and i also have had the 7 inch galaxy tab.
lentwenty ratingone the facebook app would work great on the 7 inch, but since the latest update, it has not been working properly.
lennine ratingone fix these issues, and give us another, better update!
lenseventeen ratingone on top of all of that, i can't even give a review for the facebook app.
lentwentytwo ratingone lol it is as if you know you're going to get a negative review, so you block those reviews from posting.
lennine ratingone i just decided to go with the browser instead.
lentwo ratingthree ittss okayyy !
lenfive ratingfive carolene sears loves her facebook
lennine ratingfour still could use polishing but very updated for android
leneight ratingthree reception, in general, has never been great either.
leneight ratingthree any suggestions as to what i might try?
lennineteen ratingthree the constant 'upgrades' seem to be mostly backward motions and make it more difficult rather than easier or better.
lennine ratingone the last update screwed it up on my phone!
lenfour ratingone this update seriously sucks.
leneight ratingthree when i know  i got an internet connection.
lentwelve ratingthree working better than the previous version but not so fast or cool.
lennineteen ratingone fb app hasnt been the same in a long time, i see im not the only 1 having this problem.
lentwentysix ratingone after the last update i'm about ready for facebook to buy me a new phone because i'm going to throw mine against a wall.
lenfifteen ratingone its so annoying, you're better of just using the internet over this stupid app!
lenseventeen ratingone if you had a competitor, i would take all 400+ of my multi-national friends away with me.
lenfive ratingone this app is fucked up.
lenfour ratingfive indeed an awesome app!
lenseven ratingfive faster too but only wid a 3g connection!
lenthree ratingfour thank you developers!
leneight ratingone the worst facebook app i have ever used.
leneleven ratingone when i know for a fact that my network is available....
lensix ratingone this app just keeps getting worse..
lensix ratingone even on my amazing phone/wifi.
leneight ratingone and my wifi works great on other apps.
lenfive ratingone so definitely not my connection.
lenthree ratingone uninstalling, til fixed!
lenfifteen ratingone i'm over having to uninstall and reinstall it, i'm just deleting it now.
leneight ratingone get your act  together facebook, it's annoying!!!
lenthree ratingone terrible at updating.
lenten ratingone please, just this, anything else i could care less about!
leneleven ratingone junk is all i can say won't work at all
lenseven ratingtwo not worth giving more then two stars
lennine ratingone i've now completely lost faith in you facebook!
lensix ratingone going to buy friendcaster pro now!
lenfive ratingone update and fix this crap!!!
leneleven ratingone i'm with all the other people, where's the update?
lenfour ratingfive five star app now.
lentwo ratingone shocking app!
lenthree ratingone pls sort it!
lenfour ratingone using web acct atm
lennine ratingfour works great and likes it way better this way
leneight ratingone im still havin trouble canceling the freakin app
lensixteen ratingtwo i go on from computer it is there was much better before you started changing it!
lenseven ratingone the update messed up the whole app.
lennine ratingone what take you guys so long to fix it.
leneleven ratingone i'm tired of waiting for you guys to fix it.
lenfour ratingone worked fine before update
lenthree ratingfive loads alot better.
lenfour ratingfive just few minor bugs.
leneight ratingone fix it so i can actually use fb!!
lenfour ratingone need i say more.
lenseven ratingthree overall, the app is good to use.
lenfour ratingfive is a great app
lenten ratingone had to uninstall and reinstall app a few times recently.
lennine ratingfour i've looked around, but can't find it.
lennine ratingfour has this moved, or is it no longer available?
lentwelve ratingone it does not matter if it's a free service or not.
lenten ratingone you really don't care about us as the consumer.
lenfourteen ratingone i personally have reported issues and my issues match alot of other people's.
leneighteen ratingone so that to me shows you obviously dont care, otherwise the issues would have been corrected by now.
lenfive ratingfive im using xperia neo ics.
lenfive ratingfive i like the new features!
lentwelve ratingone stupid that they haven't fixed this yet, after sending multiple reports...
lensix ratingone i have tried redl and everything.
leneighteen ratingfive facebook is really awesome it is a way for me to keep in touch with family and friends.
lenfive ratingone new update isn't working
lentwelve ratingone i do not have a facebook account, and haven't for 2+ yrs!
lenfifteen ratingone there is no way to delete or uninstall this app from my phone (vz thunderbolt).
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love it amazing
lenthree ratingthree its getting better
lenten ratingone fix this crap, it's s not even worth using
lenthree ratingone this app sucks.
lenfive ratingone the old version worked fine.
lensix ratingone will download but won't work.
lennine ratingone uninstalling and reinstalling to see if it fix problem.
lenthree ratingtwo last update sucks.
leneighteen ratingtwo i've had to install and uninstall this app at least 20 times and it just messes up again.
lentwo ratingtwo samsung stratosphere
lensix ratingfour nice app with full of malware...
lenfive ratingfive i like this fb app.
lenseven ratingone wtf have you done to this app?
lenfifteen ratingtwo i've contacted developer many times about problems with the last update, with no reply.
lennine ratingone please fix, this used to be my favorite app.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it is the app not my phone as google+ and other apps work perfect.
lenseven ratingone ever since i updated the last time ..
lentwelve ratingone the only thing i see is people's names & what they post.
lenfive ratingfour it is very nice app
lenfour ratingone this is getting ridiculous.
leneighteen ratingone you all seriously need to work out these kinks in the system or i may just drop facebook.
lenthree ratingone this app sucks.
lentwo ratingfive love fb
lenfour ratingfive best apps in india
lenfive ratingfive it was a simple application...
lentwo ratingthree 1 step improvement..
lenfourteen ratingone my internet is working great for everything except for this app please fix this
lensixteen ratingone is 1 of the worst apps on my phone, hard to believe considering how popular facebook is
leneight ratingone making this kind of app this is embarrasing...:(
lenthirteen ratingone updating apps should improve performance and make you want to use it more.
lennine ratingone this facebook app is terrible and constantly has problems :/
lentwentytwo ratingfour would just like to give some feedback to the developers on bugs for fixing when using this app with a galaxy y: 1.
lenfour ratingfive its facebook lol ssdd
lennine ratingfive i will change my mind if its not guud
lensixteen ratingtwo an improvement on the last incarnation i like the share option and the slightly improved animations.
lenseven ratingtwo this it's my third time reinstalling....
lenseven ratingone can't wait for an updated version.
lenseven ratingone this is the worse version so far!
lenten ratingfour could do with fixing really but there not massive issues.
lenfive ratingone it's an absolute joke.
lensix ratingone ready to migrate fully to google+.
lenfour ratingone fed up gsiii user
lentwo ratingone weird errors.
lenseven ratingone some time later yep its still shit.
lensix ratingone facebook seems to be getting worse.
lenfive ratingone i barely used the program.
lenfourteen ratingone i don't care about this program but it is consistiently wanting to update.
lennine ratingone you tried to fix something that wasn't broken!!
lenthree ratingone pleased fix dev!!
lentwo ratingone samsung galaxy s3
lentwo ratingone horrible app!
lenfour ratingone facebook really downgraded, horrible.
lenfifteen ratingone half of these viewers switched to the mobile browser instead of this shi*t* app!
lensixteen ratingone lyk u wud think in 2013 that a facebook app out of all things wud be perfect.
lensixteen ratingthree my account was hacked (not blaming the app) but does anyone know how to delete everything?
lenfive ratingfour i hate the new update!!!!!
lenseven ratingone absolutely terrible app on htc sensation xe!!!
lentwenty ratingone when using facebook through dolphin browser all works perfectly so avoid using this app till someone makes it work well.
lenfive ratingfour this is a great app.
lentwo ratingfour great app.
lentwo ratingone terrible application.
lentwo ratingone horrible app
lenfive ratingone very disappointing suddenly stops working...
lennineteen ratingone i delete it but when i reinstall it says install updates then sends me to facebook through my browser.
leneighteen ratingfive if anyone else has problems with pictures showing up uninstall it then install it again it works :p
lensix ratingfour it does take time thoe ;)) - left 3y3-
lentwelve ratingthree u also can't use facebook apps what i wish u could.
lenthirteen ratingtwo so since updating my app i can't do a thing with facebook.
lenseven ratingtwo omg, are you guys fixing this soon?????????
lenthirteen ratingthree i think its better to use the mobile website for accessing news feed...
leneleven ratingone its keep saying facebook has stop like really update app soon
leneight ratingone i can't deal with this app anymore.
leneleven ratingone i'm not giving facebook access to my e-mail account.
lenthirteen ratingtwo seriously frustrating as my family like to see pics of my kids etc.
lentwenty ratingthree Facebook worked fine on my phone till this last update now I cant use it at all on my phone.
lennine ratingone As a result, fb stop running many many times.
lenfour ratingone not like the website.
lentwo ratingone Update sucks.
lensix ratingtwo please fix or gonna stop using.
lentwo ratingtwo Inconsistent implementation.
lenfour ratingone This app sucks now
lenseven ratingone please fix these problems its soooo fustrating :/
leneight ratingfour I can just read n like others though.
lenten ratingone Very annoying, I always end up using the mobile app.
lensix ratingone I'm done this app sucks!
lenten ratingone It may be faster but it doesn't always work.
lenfive ratingone My phone is HTC Explorer.
lenfive ratingone Sucks ever since the update!
lenfourteen ratingtwo The last update of facebook has some guds and many bads  at time worst.
leneleven ratingone My friends haven't upgraded theirs n they can do it.
lenthree ratingone Ugh this sucks ..
lenfive ratingone Ugh wish I didnt upgrade.
lensix ratingone I am hating this app lately.
lenthree ratingfour Finger licking good
lenthree ratingfour Uninstalled and reinstalled!
lenfour ratingtwo Facebook went to hell.
leneight ratingfour It is the best app for facebook users...
lenfourteen ratingfour ya it has some bad things but it doesn't effect on its rating...
lenten ratingfour It provides 80% of the functionality of the normal web-site.
lensixteen ratingfour Assuming I just didn't miss the selection in the app, it needs the following functionality:
lensixteen ratingfour GMail will stop blinking on the phone if I clear the email queue at their website.
lenfive ratingtwo Overall, a poorly done app.
lentwelve ratingone How do you continue to make this app worse with every release?
lennine ratingfour This is the best facebook ever on any platform....
lennine ratingtwo This is the most unreliable app on my phone.
lenseven ratingone It just gets worse with every update.
lennine ratingone They need to put some serious work into this
lenfive ratingone this app is completely horrible.
lennine ratingone If theres nothin wrong then dont bother updating it.
lenseven ratingone Yes I have uninstalled/reinstalled twice now.
leneight ratingtwo Way below what I would expect from facebook.
lennine ratingone Previous update worked perfect, this one is the opposite.
lentwelve ratingtwo Most of the time I just use the internet on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingone The developers should be ashamed of themselves for putting out such a disaster!
lensix ratingone does anyone actually work at facebook?!?
lenseven ratingtwo It feels like there's something missing..
lentwentytwo ratingtwo I think with a bit of polishing, it could become better, but it is still no where near as polished as iOS.
lenthree ratingone Soooo inconvenient & annoying!
lenseven ratingone Quicker browser fb directly on internet app.
lenseven ratingone Uninstalled then reinstalled but still can't :(
lensix ratingone So frustrating please sort it out!!!!
lenfour ratingone It's utter bollocks.
lenseven ratingone Wish I hadn't done the update
leneighteen ratingfour I pretty much liked the upgrade i liked the way they changed the comments and notifications way easier.
lenseven ratingone How do I search for page's?
leneleven ratingone Its quicker to access the mobile site than use this app.
lenthree ratingone IT WASNT BROKE...
leneleven ratingone Why is it not yet repaired after so many users complained? !?!?!?
lenseven ratingone I like an older version FIX IT
lenseven ratingone One day works like its supposed to...
lenfive ratingone Wake up devs you fail...
lenfour ratingone Updates from the archives?
lenfive ratingone Are we on Candid Camera?
lenseven ratingone earlier version was way better than this...
lensix ratingone Sticking to the browser mobile site.
lenten ratingone Can do all of the same stuff on it anyway.
lenseven ratingone is this some sort of bussines politics?
lensix ratingthree Being cheap on the servers perhaps.
lentwelve ratingtwo I love using facebook & it's now easier to load a status.
lennine ratingtwo I wouldn't mind if it was working properly......
lenthirteen ratingone Every time this stupid app  trys to update it gets worse and worse.
lentwelve ratingone yet you are unable to get a simple phone app to work?!?
lenfour ratingone From; Your angriest consumer
lenseventeen ratingthree For some reason everything is sudently playing up so had to resault in using the mobile site.
lenfifteen ratingtwo a lot of pipol using this app y not care to fix all the bugs!!!
lenten ratingtwo I'm getting ones I have looked at 2 days previously.
leneight ratingone Wish I could revert back to last version!!!!!!
lenthree ratingone This upgrade sucks..
leneleven ratingone If it's not broke don't try to fix it!
lenfour ratingone I hate this update!
lentwelve ratingone That is a sign of an app that needs to go away.
lennine ratingone Uninstalled updates to see if that would fix it.
lenfive ratingtwo The new format just rocks.
lenfour ratingone Uninstalled and reinstalled twice.
lenthree ratingone Didn't help.
lensixteen ratingthree I use it ALL the time & I would love to update it on my LG OptimisZip.
lenseven ratingone I expect more from a "top developer"!!!!!
lenfour ratingone Wtf worst update ever.
lenfive ratingtwo Getting better all the time.
lenten ratingone It was fine before the update fix it now please!
lenseven ratingfour Starting to see the benefits, very nice.
leneight ratingone Loading in Chrome browser is a lot faster.
lentwo ratingfour Nice app
lennineteen ratingthree Some nice new animations and features are are there, it just needs to be able to do simple tasks.
lenseven ratingone Should have not updated from previous app.
lensix ratingone update is all the problems starting....
lensix ratingone this new update is the worst!
lensix ratingone this doesn't even deserve 1 star....
lenthree ratingfour Loving the improvements...
lentwo ratingone WORST APP.
lenfourteen ratingone I've been waiting way too long 4 them to fix the bugs, pathetic really
lenfour ratingone Since getting this update.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo I can't believe y'all haven't produced a new update to replace the POS version y'all have on Market for Android...
lenthirtyone ratingtwo Do you honestly believe we'll all just sit around waiting for unicorns to come fart some magical unicorn butt glitter into the air then poof FB will FINALLY work properly???
lenfourteen ratingthree I'v tried leaving it for 10/15 mins but it doesn't make a difference.
lentwentythree ratingthree Please sort this out Facebook as everything else on the app is great but at the moment this issue ruins it for me.
lenfive ratingone This app needs totally rewrite.
lensix ratingthree Before the update it worked fine.
lenfour ratingone ill use my browers..
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please fix this problem for HTC one x, since my note2 don have this problem
lenseventeen ratingthree The app works a lot better on my new phone. (it has tons of space on it!)
lenten ratingone Ill stick to just using the internet browser for facebook!!
lenfifteen ratingone Definitely one of the worst, if not the worst app that I've ever used...!
lensix ratingone lots of problems in this app..
lensix ratingone Please fix, then stop updating it.
lenthree ratingone Not happy guys....
lenfour ratingfour Talk to your friends
leneight ratingone The browser version is more up to date.
lensix ratingthree This app is good n useful
lenfour ratingfour Wonder  in the world
leneighteen ratingtwo It has many more options, lets you save pictures, has themes and offers a much better overall experience.
lenthirtyone ratingone Goodbye Facebook for Android,  I'd rather put up with the inconvenience of using my browser for Facebook from now on rather than having to view the rubbish you now display.
lensix ratingfour Nice app to chat with everyone
lenfour ratingfour the latest update sucks:(
lenthree ratingone Getting worse everyday
leneight ratingfour Luv all da new updates much easier 2 use.
lenfifteen ratingtwo I really think more time and effort could be invested in making this app functional.
lenseven ratingone This latest update ruined facebook for android.
lenten ratingone Why take one step forward and then three steps back?
lenfour ratingone Use the mobile site.
lenfive ratingone 2 stars for the pic quality.
leneight ratingone Absolute crap now after the update plz fix
lenthree ratingone Another garbage update.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Consensus is right on fb updates are getting worse much worse rather than better.
leneleven ratingone im getting even more issues with this garbage app facebook devs!
lenseventeen ratingone fix this crap i now run jelly bean on my sgs2 so i shouldn't have one error!
lenseven ratingfour This app works awesome on a smartphone
lenthree ratingone Zero star Instead..
lensixteen ratingone Shame such a poor quality app is released from such a big name time and again.
lennineteen ratingone Facebook needs to stop focussing on ways to line their pockets (sponsoring?), and how to keep their users happy.
lenten ratingone Or else like the way of myspace they will fail.
lenfour ratingone The list goes on.
lenfourteen ratingone I'm forced to use the internet and not the app on my phone.
lenfive ratingtwo Pretty much impossible to use.
lenfour ratingone This app completly sucks..
leneighteen ratingtwo No matter how many updates  are put out, Facebook mobile is still the glitchiest app on my phone.
leneight ratingfour Its really all u want in a app.
lenthree ratingone Still soul sucking
lenfour ratingone Not worth the upgrade.
lensixteen ratingthree The plus side is that we can now look at pics without having to click them.
lenten ratingthree Also the pics pop up immediately now, which is awesome!
leneight ratingthree Running great now after the mid-Dec update!
lenthree ratingone Bunch of crap!
lenthree ratingone Piece of garbage.
lenthirteen ratingone My mom won't get off the phone to pay attention to me
lenthirteen ratingone This download needs to b tweaked more still having problems with this app!
lenseven ratingfour This app is perfect other than that!!
lenfive ratingone That's annoying as hell!
lenfourteen ratingone Updated facebook on my toshiba tablet and now it will not work AT ALL!!
lenten ratingone Its only good if you want to check other posts.
leneleven ratingone Its complete and utter crap Please upgrade or I will uninstall!
leneleven ratingone Why is it with every upgrade the facebook app gets worse?
lenseven ratingthree fix this and overall its a nice 1
lenseventeen ratingthree For now I give it 3 stars when added I will give you back the other 2 stars Deserved.
lenfour ratingthree But iys pretty good
lenseventeen ratingone The app started to get better this past fall but now is back to doing the opposite.
lenseven ratingtwo I'm using a Motorola RAZR 4g phone.
lenfour ratingone Garbage app ignorant creators!!
lensix ratingfour This app is great to use.
lenfive ratingone Fix whatever bug is please~~~~~~~~~~~~
lennine ratingthree Even tho I have 2000 friends, it should still load.
lentwo ratingthree Nice updates.
lenfour ratingone Wish I never updated.
lenfifteen ratingone This app is awful and i can't believe anyone would develop something so crappy.
lenfive ratingone Galaxy Note II on Jellybean..
lenfive ratingone The last update is terrible.
lensix ratingtwo Yeah, all these newer updates suck.
lentwentysix ratingtwo I mean, I'm happy to have fb on my phone regardless, but it never worked this crappy is all I'm trying to get at.
lenfive ratingfour who doesn't love Facebook
lenten ratingone I'll just use the web browser from now on.
lenseven ratingfour It's an app for your phone.
leneleven ratingfour And if its an issue then get rid of your phone.
lenseven ratingfour But it will get better with time.
lenfive ratingone Bout done with facebook apps..
lenfive ratingfour Please try to solve it!
lensix ratingone This is a very bad update.
lentwo ratingfour pretty happy.
leneight ratingfour I have shifted to Facebook app from friendcaster.
leneight ratingone I'm going back to the mobile site!
lenten ratingtwo I have to use the web version from my phone.
lenfive ratingone You guys suck at this.
lenfourteen ratingthree If you have a version that's working on your phone stick with it.
lensix ratingone Sucks I HATE THE NEW UPDATE.
lensix ratingone My mobilw browser is 100 times faster.
lenfourteen ratingone Facebook needs to make this more simple rather load it up with wasted features.
lenfive ratingtwo Hope this gets sorted soon!
lenten ratingtwo With each new update Facebook is getting worse and worse.
lenseven ratingone u charge to talk to Mr vain
lenfourteen ratingone Since your last two updates you have made fb on my phone useless thanks.
lenten ratingthree How about beta testing the next update before releasing it.
lenseven ratingthree Subpar actions for such a large company.
lenfour ratingfour Updated for bugs constantly.
lenfourteen ratingone Fire the devs because apparently they lack the knowledge to make a good product.
lentwelve ratingfour I've always had good luck with the app, but not anymore!
lenfive ratingfour Is intuitive, functional and stable.
lenfive ratingfour And the images open instantly!
lenthree ratingthree Aft repeatedly update..
lenfive ratingthree You guy really to improve!!!?
lenfive ratingone "network error" every couple minutes.
lensix ratingone dont care about seeing other apps.
lentwo ratingone Annoying app
lenthree ratingone 12-13-12 update was great!
lenfour ratingone Love the new look.
lenseven ratingone Tired of waiting on this BS tiktok
lentwo ratingone Horrible update.
lensix ratingone Needs A LOT of serious work!!
lensix ratingtwo Please help me out, so frustrating!
lensix ratingtwo do Not update to this version.
lenfive ratingone This is the waste update .
lenfourteen ratingone The older version is working good and it is speeder than this new version .
lensix ratingone Get your ****ing act together guys!!"
lenfive ratingone It won't work ahh
lenten ratingtwo Can you people at fb ever just do anything right?
lenfour ratingtwo People, DO NOT UPDATE!
lensix ratingone the old version was way better
leneight ratingone The first time I updated it ruined everything!
lentwentyseven ratingone I update every time only in hopes one finally works and puts me back to the old version but I say never update if you havent yet.
lensix ratingfour Works fine just like it says
lenseven ratingfour Good fr conecting to many many frnds.
lentwo ratingone Super annoying!
lenfive ratingone I hate this new update!
lenseven ratingone I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times!
leneight ratingone Whatever you did please change it back, NOW!!
lensix ratingone Not reinstalling again until somethings fixed!
lenthree ratingone This app SUCKS!
leneight ratingone You update the app and make it worse.
lenfive ratingfour This is excellent my friend
lenten ratingone Before the last updated is better than the last one.
leneight ratingone Pretty please a better update faster as possible.
lenfourteen ratingtwo This is terrible for the last few days Facebook has been acting extra terrible .
lentwo ratingone Utter shite.
lennine ratingone Testing of updates needs improving before software is released.
lenfour ratingone Worst app in market.
lentwo ratingfour Useful apps
lensix ratingtwo Regardless though gotta hv my fb.
lensix ratingfour Very usefull and fast FB browser . :-)
lenseven ratingthree Nice app but needs to be updated
lentwelve ratingone stays updated, faster loading, pics dont freeze & they LISTEN TO THEIR USERS.
lentwo ratingone Simply crap.
lenfive ratingtwo The app is ok otherwise .
lenfour ratingtwo Fix and ill reinstall.
lenseven ratingone It's the worst won't run
lentwo ratingone bad version.
lenfive ratingtwo After installation it becom 30mb+ size .
lensix ratingthree So better try to fix this:-(
lenseven ratingone Pls give me the old version back.
leneight ratingfour This update is very good about other update
leneight ratingthree Timeline is so  great love the new app
lenthirteen ratingone For 2 days, I have not been able to use Facebook on my mobile.
lennine ratingtwo Its not wrking 4 me eithr this is reali suck!
lenfour ratingone Another update, another mess.
lenfive ratingtwo was fine before last update
lentwelve ratingthree I am getting sick and tired of the app often not refreshing.
lenthree ratingfour Improvement builds perfection.
leneight ratingfour And these guys are doing a great job.
leneighteen ratingtwo I find myself accessing the regular site often to do things that should be simple to do here.
lenfive ratingfour It saves battery and data.
lennine ratingfour other apps run faster when FB isnt always active.
lennine ratingone Not on the app, or my phones web brownser.
lensix ratingtwo This app STILL f***ing sucks.
lennine ratingone Can you get a version that just plain works??
lenfive ratingtwo It isn't my connection!!
lennine ratingfour It's great nd fast to use on 2g network
lensix ratingtwo Get it together Facebook seriously, please!
lentwelve ratingone What in Christ's name have you moron developers done to FB
lenfive ratingtwo The new update is terrible.
lennine ratingtwo I uninstalled and reinstalled twice with the same results.
lenthree ratingfour Best baaghi balagan
lentwo ratingfour Awesome app .
lenseven ratingfour Its really a great application for android.
lenfive ratingfour Much better than precious versions
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo After the first time I tell the app that I do not want to import my contacts I would prefer it not ask every freaking time I open the app up, its ef'in retarded.
lensix ratingfour I have always loved this app
leneighteen ratingone Everyone is complaining about so FIX IT ALREADY because your new update didn't f***in do it!
leneleven ratingthree I end up using my browser anyway most of the time.
lensix ratingfour Working Quite nice after new updates.
lenfive ratingfour Fix are looking real nice.
lensix ratingone I have to use friend caster.
lenthree ratingone Minus three stars.
lensix ratingthree New update seems to b faster.
leneleven ratingone Just stop this app if u can't make anything sensible.
lenfour ratingthree This is absolutely insane.
lensix ratingone Saves maybe half of your likes.
lenfortytwo ratingone Why can't u guys get it together if u Wana compete w apple you really need to do a better job seriously they're version is 100 times better wonder if we all delete it would you make it better then hmmm
leneight ratingone A lot of updates and never one good.
lenfour ratingone They are consistently bad.
lentwelve ratingone Fix it or i hv to use fb from my phones browser.
leneight ratingone you ruined it with the last update smh
lennine ratingfour Very easy way to check facebook on the go.
lennineteen ratingtwo Since I upgraded the new upgrade on fb there's some things I realize I can't do anymore.
lenfour ratingtwo old version was better
lenfive ratingtwo Typical of everything Facebook really.
lensix ratingthree Its okay if you like facebook
leneight ratingfour I love staying connecting with the facebook app
leneight ratingthree Please do some fast,light and reliable application
lentwelve ratingone Withdraw it and let people use a working solution - the previous version.
lenfour ratingone Bring back previous version.
leneight ratingone Ever since the update this app is horrible.
leneight ratingtwo when just before the update it worked fine.
lenfive ratingfour The share feature is good!
lentwelve ratingtwo Facebook emplyes get payed for nothing, couse that's what they do.
lenfour ratingone The worst since update!
lensix ratingone This is a bunch of BS!
lenfive ratingfour This version is very smooth
lensix ratingone Concentrate on speed because speed matters.
lenten ratingone Old version worked better but still EXTREMELY disappointed and annoyed.
lenten ratingone It is much more faster to brows with default browser
lenfifteen ratingtwo Overall,  this application has a lot of problems due to straying from the working formula.
lentwentyone ratingone Poorest app , I ever operate, new update is not good, recommend not to download, I going to uninstall that, bakwas app.
lenthree ratingone Lame facebook, lame.
lenseven ratingtwo Hopefully the native app update comes soon.
lenten ratingfour It works on my phone (HTC wildfire s) with troubles
lenfive ratingone And web isnt working either.
lenthirteen ratingone At least it didn't push them into my google contacts this time.
lensix ratingfour I didn't like new facebook .....
lenfive ratingone this app needs improvement ASAP.
lenfour ratingone Doesnt deserve any star.
lenthirteen ratingone Its been like this for about a month now and still no fix.
lensix ratingfour Ok but updates should be improved
lensix ratingone I won't install this again.
lennine ratingfour I recommend using this app never gives me problems..
lennine ratingone getting really frustrated bout to delete fix soon please :-)
leneleven ratingone So much bugs and features missing compared to the mobile version.
lenfive ratingone I absolutely hate this app.
lensix ratingone Mobile site sucks just as bad.
lenseven ratingfour its always the best of alk sites!!!!!!
lennine ratingone When are you ever going to update this mess?
lenfive ratingthree Hope this gets fixed soon!
leneleven ratingone I don't usually have problems but this is my 1st time.
leneight ratingone Update soon or ill delegate the whole thing
lenseven ratingfour Dis app is good bt not best
leneleven ratingfour I love facebook it is the best social site right now!!!
lenseven ratingfour Cool, last update is better than before.
lenfourteen ratingfour I love the new update of facebook now its really fast more update pls.
lenfifteen ratingfour Theres some little bit bugs that need to fix but overall great app for me :)
lensixteen ratingfour this update is great as it's faster than the past and the interface is changed.
lenfive ratingtwo This live updating is awful!
leneleven ratingtwo So now i'm downgrading this app from 4 stars to 2 stars.
lensix ratingtwo Come on with these crappy updates.
lenseven ratingfour But recently its been garbage very disappointed
lenfour ratingfour like it soo much <3 :)
lenfourteen ratingfour I have tried both apps on my Smartfren Andro, cheap Android with 1 Ghz processor.
lenfifteen ratingfour Facebook official app is more fast when we got notification, because this app use push.
lensix ratingfour tell me how that makes sense?
lenseventeen ratingthree it didn't say that on my old phone (the LG Esteem) please fix 3 stars till fixed
lenthirteen ratingthree Now come on I'm on high speed virgin wireless on a Nexus 10.
lenfive ratingthree Rating refers to latest update.
lenfive ratingthree Fix, please for Galaxy Note 1.
lenseven ratingthree Will use full internet site till then.
leneighteen ratingfour You would think the FB app should be one of the best contributing apps in the Play Store.....
lenfive ratingfour This is an awesome app.
lennine ratingfour no longer i need to use the regular Internet;)
lenthirteen ratingthree I think there may be a bug or glitch in the last update.
lenfifteen ratingfour The app basically keeps you connected and updated about your family and friends via Facebook.
lensix ratingfour You can do watever you like..
lenseven ratingfour I gave u a bad review previously...
lentwo ratingfour Excellnt application
lentwentyeight ratingfour I love the new pop-up post viewer and how the new posts on the feed are moved to the top rather than automatically updating the entire window.
lenfour ratingfour More efficient and faster
lennine ratingfour It works so good on my tablet really happy!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone Every time there is an update the app just goes further down hill.
lensix ratingfour Looking forward to more cool updates. :)
lensix ratingfour Its very good fr facebook users
lenfourteen ratingtwo for one of the top 5 apps downloaded I'm disappointed over and over again.
lenthree ratingone This ap sucks.
lentwo ratingone totally frustrating.
lenfive ratingfour Used to love this app.
lenfour ratingfour Much better since update
lennine ratingfour This update confessed me to rate it with 5 stars..
lenfour ratingtwo Hell of an app...
lenfour ratingtwo freaking its so glitchy!!
lenten ratingtwo The old glitches are just being replaced by new glitches!
lenfifteen ratingtwo With every update there seems to be less things available to do on the phone.
lensix ratingone Why change what was working fine?
lensix ratingfour Good App Until It's Updated !
lennine ratingtwo May I know what's wrong with Facebook recently?!
lennineteen ratingfour I only really use the app for a quick way to upload pics but I like it fairly well
lentwo ratingfour Communication king
lenfive ratingfour Best app on google play...
lentwelve ratingtwo This is the fourth time I install this app after long time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo If not because all my contacts are there I would not use the app.
lentwo ratingthree Major Improvement
lenthirteen ratingone used to work flawlesly until the recent update which kinda busted the app...
lenfour ratingone Liked it better before
lenten ratingone Not sure what else to do besides using my laptop.
lenfour ratingone Worked prior to update.
lenfive ratingtwo Worse then the real facebook.
lenfive ratingone Worked great for two days.
lenfour ratingfour This update is awesome
lenfour ratingfour Wonderful app wonderful thngs.
leneighteen ratingone I am a regular fb user bt this version makes me think should I use fb this poorly?
leneight ratingone Seems like every update is worse and worse.
lenfifteen ratingone I wish they would juat fix this app right and then quit messing with it.
lenten ratingone Total junk, Facebook is worthless, updates don't do anything.
lenthirteen ratingone Why don't you actually fix something that will actually make Facebook work.
lenfive ratingone Worked better in iphone before.
lennine ratingone One star just cause i have to leave one!
lenfive ratingtwo Update to my last review.
lensix ratingfour I dont like the old facebook
lentwo ratingone Terribly dissappointed...
lenfive ratingone It is the worst app
lentwentyfour ratingone I've had this app for a year now and after all the negative comments and feedback, they still can't get it right.
lentwo ratingfour Nice Improvement
lenten ratingone I can comment on others and use on my pc.
leneighteen ratingthree Latest updates are a huge improvement on my phone, FB must have finally gotten some decent android devs!
leneleven ratingthree I expect iPad levels of functionality on my Android tablet folks.
lentwelve ratingone F.b. Seems to dictate want it wants now moving to Google
lenfive ratingone Therefore this facebook is horrible
lentwelve ratingone I've tried uninstalling this app and reinstalling it with no luck.
lenfifteen ratingone I don't know who you hired but I could serially develop a better app.
lenthree ratingtwo Lay outs good....
lentwelve ratingtwo Why is it this app gets worse and worse everytime its updated.
lenthree ratingone Worst update yet.
lenseven ratingone Such a stuped error in programing facebook !!!!
lenthirteen ratingfour This is the fastest version of facebook u will ever see till date.
lentwentyone ratingfour The new update has certainly made a lot changes including the new view of comments and also a very quick interface.
lenfour ratingone seems like developer problem.
lensix ratingone I've uninstalled and re installed.
lenthirteen ratingone I have seen monkeys throwing crap at the zoo do a better job!
leneighteen ratingtwo All other apps work fine and I need to close the FB app in the taskbar and reopen.
lenthree ratingfour I love Facebook.
leneight ratingfour I be on facebook all day and night
lennine ratingone You say you always improve it with your updates.
lensix ratingone Your just keep creating more issues.
lentwo ratingfour Goood app
lenthree ratingfour I Love FaceBook<3
lennine ratingone The ios app is 100% better this piece of crap....
leneleven ratingone Do you pay your testers in bananas and a back scratch?
lenfive ratingone Totally a first world problem...
lenfifteen ratingone But please address these issues, as I'm clearly NOT the only one with them
lensix ratingone Pretty tired of dealing with it.
lenseven ratingfour I like to use it a lot.
lensix ratingone Seriously am frustrated with this update !
leneight ratingone FIX IT or I'm deleting my Facebook .
lentwelve ratingone Cuz my phone is the only way I can go on it !!
lenthree ratingone This app sucks!!!
lensix ratingone It doesn't even work properly.
lenfive ratingthree To easy do the chat
lenfive ratingone I hate this new update!
lenthirteen ratingone Its almost 2013 and this app is still going backwards its really crippled by 90 %!!!
lenseven ratingfour too far from pc version but good
lenthree ratingfour Upgrading to 4 stars.
lentwelve ratingtwo Those are still planning to update, i reccommend that u shoudn't.
lennine ratingthree 3 stars because this app is pretty good and fast.
lensix ratingthree Quite satisfied with last couple updates.
lenfour ratingfour Facebook is da best
lenfour ratingone This update sucks man.
lensix ratingone Make a functional app before anything.
lentwo ratingone Makes millions.
lenten ratingone Fix it soon Many android's has the same prblm.
lenfour ratingone Hate this new Facebook.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo Plz bring it back in the app this new thing is piece of shit it was not fast before but atleast it was functional
lenthirteen ratingone For a social media giant you would expect something that at least works.
lenfive ratingthree Much better than old versions.
lensix ratingone This is the worst update yet!!!
lenfifteen ratingone Instead of constant updates, how about making an app that actually works, on all platforms!
leneight ratingone This update is a total waste of space.
lenthree ratingone Blows my mind!
leneight ratingone No wonder this app has 1 million 1-star ratings.
lenfive ratingtwo Once worked great now sucks.
lenthree ratingfour Which is lame. :/
lensixteen ratingtwo After the last update and the (smart space) I lost all my respect to this keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive I really didn't expect this app to be this good.
lennine ratingfive Just as it has done with this whole review.
lensix ratingfour It absolutely rocks on the tablet.
lenthirteen ratingfive If you're a Galaxy S3 user, shut up and give them your money.
lentwentytwo ratingfive SwiftKey took one of the biggest negative things about my phone's overall usability and made it one of its best features.
lenthirtyone ratingfive Obviously, you like anecdotal evidence if you're reading reviews, so here are the results of a typing test I just did comparing the native Samsung keyboard to iOS and SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive It's well worth your money.
lenseven ratingtwo Complete trash compared to the PERFECT KEYBOARD.
leneight ratingfour In fact this happened while typing this review.
lenthree ratingfive This ap helps..
lenfive ratingfive Great work for language input.
lenfour ratingtwo I have only 1 complaint.
leneight ratingtwo With that, this would be a 5 star app.
lenseven ratingone what a scammy way to do things.
lenfour ratingone I want my refund...
lenseventeen ratingfive It's amazing how accurate the auto correct is and how it adapts to your typing style.
lensix ratingfour Other keyboards work fine with it.
lenfourteen ratingfive I really can't believe I've lived for years without thus keyboard app.
lenseven ratingfive The left swipe erase makes it great.
lenfive ratingfive Can't live without it
lenseven ratingfive Must have app for all android users......
leneighteen ratingfive SwiftKey is probably going to be the first and only app I will ever buy for my phone.
lensix ratingfive It just learns it by itself!
lentwo ratingfour Maybe fix?
lennine ratingfive Ended up shelling out for it when trial expired.
lenten ratingfive The set up, feel, look and overall flow is incredible.
leneleven ratingfive Learns how I type and what I would most likely say.
lensixteen ratingfour I am so used to this new keyboard that I don't want to go back.
lentwentyfour ratingfour The keyboard is quite customizable and has a lot of options that makes it a product you can't miss on your Android device.
lenseventeen ratingfour Also any way to make the keyboard scroll down while trying to view text in horizontal mode?
lenthree ratingfour iPhone's can.
lentwo ratingfour Otherwise, excellent!
lensixteen ratingfive I've tried many downloaded keyboards and this one is by far the best. Awesome app.!
lentwo ratingfour Amazing keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive I am SO glad I bought this.
lenfive ratingfive Running this on GB 2.36, CM9,  and CM10.
lentwenty ratingfive I've used so many keyboards including Swype Beta but this app beats them all in overall speed and accuracy.
lenthirteen ratingfive While I do like swiping, but it's only fast for small words.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive So when I tried SwiftKey I was surprised how it almost types itself,  thus,  saving a lot of time. Been using this for over a month - typing on touchscreen is actually enjoyable now. LOL!
lenseven ratingfive Way better than the crappy android ones.
lensix ratingfour I don't use Swype now.
lenfive ratingfour Predictions are really very good.
lenfour ratingthree Makes this keyboard useless.
lenfour ratingfive App is completely unusable.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever!
lentwelve ratingtwo I love the keyboard but not all the problems it has caused!
leneight ratingone I bought this keyboard for my fat fingers.
lenfour ratingfive A must buy app.
leneleven ratingfive It's got awesome prediction capabilities and really great keyboard interface.
lenfive ratingfive Probably its gingerbread's fault
lenfive ratingone I'm a fast typer.
lenten ratingfive Pops up words and phrases I use all the time.
lenfive ratingfive But this keyboard is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive Better than I hoped.
lentwentysix ratingfive The Samsung stock keyboard on my Galaxy siii is so lame in comparison, it makes me think Samsung is getting a kickback from Swiftkey and Google;)
leneleven ratingfive This app is really amazing how it can improve your typing.
lenfourteen ratingfive I it is also a Bonus that you can customize the keyboard in awesomeness!!
leneighteen ratingfive Well I have found my new keyboard i have tried many and this seems to be the best...!
lensix ratingfour This is my favorite keyboard again..
lenfour ratingtwo it's so bad ..
lenten ratingfour It almost seems as if it's reading your mind.
leneight ratingfour Talk about saving a lot of valuable time.
lenten ratingfour I don't know how I survived without this app.
lenthree ratingfive Definitely a buy.
leneighteen ratingfour I have been using SwiftKey for the past 1 year on the S2 and Note 1 and no problems at all.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny!!!!
leneight ratingfive I think the above comment says it all.
leneleven ratingfive I've even used Swype and this is still my favorite. :)
lenseven ratingfive And is way better then stock keyboard...
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard in the android market.
lenfive ratingfive Smooth typing and soooo smart!
lentwo ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey!
lennine ratingfive Makes typing easier, effortless and consume less time.  B-)
lenfive ratingfive The video says it all.
lenseven ratingfive This keyboard helps me out so much.
lentwo ratingfive Awesome stuff
lenthree ratingfive Excellent keyboard experience!
lenfive ratingfive Love this app more everyday
lentwo ratingfive Fantastic work!
lenthree ratingfive The best app!
lenseven ratingfive Best key board I have ever tried!!
lenseven ratingfive And I have tried alot of um
lenfive ratingfive This is the best. Period.
leneight ratingtwo Smooth as butter when is at its best ..
leneight ratingthree Very overrated keyboard in general in my opinion.
lentwelve ratingfive I was without this for a day or so and was lost...
leneight ratingfive Great, one of the best keyboard for Android.
lenfive ratingfive Title basically says it all.
lennine ratingfive It would definitely be the first thing to install.
lenseven ratingfive Makes typing ridiculously fast and highly customizable.
lenseven ratingfour For the keyboard on the next update?
lenseventeen ratingfive It is elegant and works well but I have just bought SlideIT and works better for me
leneighteen ratingfive Amazingly accurate, nimble, impossible to go back to any other keyboard after you get used to this one.
lenfive ratingfive Any I've tried several.
lennineteen ratingfive I got the free trial and after using it for just a few hours I bought the full version.
lentwentyseven ratingfive I don't find the keyboard layout all that unique (and the number pad takes some getting used to), but the predictive text is second to none.
lentwentyone ratingfive It makes all of my messages and email so much quicker and I don't think I could go back now!
lenthirtyseven ratingfive It's pretty decent straight from the start but the more you use it, the more it learns from you and within a few days I'm typing better than I ever have from a touchscreen device
lensix ratingfive Should be on every android device.
lenfour ratingfive I highly recommend it.
lenfive ratingfive Best app I have bought!
leneleven ratingone Who thought this was a great idea to force onto people?
lensix ratingone What's a wrong swiftkey people.
lentwo ratingfive Great settings!
lenfour ratingone Useless on the Galaxy S3
leneleven ratingthree I am too use to sliding my finger to type now.
lensix ratingfour Perfect keyboard minus a couple things.
leneleven ratingfive I love it better than the one came with the phone
lenfour ratingfive Predicts text unbelievably well.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely recommend the download.
lenseven ratingfour This does save you from many keystrokes.
leneleven ratingfive However,  the keyboard system that comes with touchwiz sucks pretty bad!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive And when you type a wrong word it fixes to the one that you were looking for!!!
lenfour ratingfive Swift key is awesome.
lenthirtyone ratingfive I'm a fast typist and I miss the mark on most android keyboards but Swift key picks up what I'm typing flawlessly I wouldn't recommend any other keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive It would let me sent nonsense words I've mistyped, something the iphone auto corrected.
lenthirteen ratingfive Swift key not only auto corrects but it learns from your typing style.
lentwelve ratingfive I love this keyboard its the best 4 dollars I have ever spent.
lensix ratingfive Very useful and easy to use.
lennineteen ratingfive You can also set it for spell checker but it doesn't automatically insert what IT thinks you mean.
lentwelve ratingone Love this app but for the moment it's too much work.
lenfive ratingfive I don't think so.
lentwelve ratingfive Otherwise an excellent keyboard with excellent predictive text and excellent spell check.
lensixteen ratingfive Not sure what is causing it but fix that and you will have pure keyboard perfection!
lenfour ratingfive Great keyboard, very accurate!
lensixteen ratingfive Just try and go back to a default keyboard after using this trial for a month.
lentwentyeight ratingfive got this a while back in the sale for 25p but had then got a iphone , but changed back to android recently , so installed again on my htc desire .
lentwentyone ratingfive i have allowed the app access to Facebook and twitter and also my sms messages to learn my style of writing .
lenfive ratingthree It's a normal keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour would be excellent after that.
lentwentyone ratingfive I have used this app for about one year and it is by far the best keyboard on any smart phone.
lennine ratingfive It seriously makes typing sooo much faster and easier.
leneleven ratingfive It learns from what I type and predicts crazy accurate stuff!
lenseven ratingfive I don't like something change it.
lensix ratingfive Like eveything else on this phone :)
leneight ratingfive Other than that, wouldn't change a thing.
lenfourteen ratingfive I love it makes my sms much better for things you get lazy about.
leneight ratingfive Way better than the terrible Samsung Galaxy S3 keyboard.
lenten ratingfive It's way faster and a million times more accurate.
leneight ratingfive Do yourself a favor and download this app.
leneight ratingfive The factory keyboard on my galaxy s3 is terrible.
leneight ratingthree This app is awesomeness but not without problems.
leneight ratingfive Learns as you type and makes perfect corrections.
lensix ratingfive The best keyboard for fast typers.
lenten ratingfive I honestly think this is the best keyboard on android.
lenthree ratingthree But not anymore...
lentwelve ratingthree Decent keyboard but not enough to warrant a purchase over the stock.
lentwenty ratingfour If this app and thumb keyboard could somehow have a baby app, then that would be the best keyboard ever.
lenten ratingfive Makes the predictions amd corrections with great ease and accuracy!
lenthree ratingfour Overall very good.
lenfive ratingfive That would make it perfect.
lenthirteen ratingfive I can't believe I was using the standard s3 keyboard for so long!
lenthirteen ratingfive This thing is simply the best touch screen keyboard I've ever used!
leneight ratingfive I wish I would have downloaded it earlier!
lentwentyfive ratingfive That said, SwiftKey is an extremely competent app that gets a deserved 5* from me and a huge well done and thanks to the dev team!
lentwenty ratingfive Going back to the android default made my texting while driving made it 10 times more dangerous than it already is.
lenfour ratingfive Excellent and very useful!
leneleven ratingthree I do I need to buy it again for my tablet?
leneighteen ratingfive Between this and swype its even bcuz they both work great and do what their supposed to do.
lenseventeen ratingfive It's just great, the looks of keyboards, how it knows what I'm about to type!
lenten ratingfive Predictions are changing to your style and tailored to YOU.
lenthree ratingfour Overall, great keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive I live this keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive I have use so many android keyboards and non of them even come close to this one!
leneight ratingfour Other than that,  this is a brilliant app:)
lenten ratingfour If that could be fixed i would rate this 5 stars
lentwenty ratingone It sucks too that they offer to get the tablet version instead, but of course, you have to pay again...
leneight ratingfour I can't type without this swift :-o
lenseven ratingfive This is the BEST keyboard out there.
lenthree ratingone Please fix it.
lensix ratingfive I would suggest it to anyone.
leneight ratingthree I use apostrophes and dot com a lot.
lentwelve ratingfour Ridiculous that assessment, bit cheaper, shot, duck, and see are all changed.
lenten ratingtwo It becomes more of a nuisance instead of a features.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've been using it for months and I can't imagine going back to anything else.
lenten ratingfour Would be 5 star if it was less than a pound
lentwelve ratingfour Man what a great upgrade to the factory keyboard on the phone.
lenseven ratingfour I am a want a be texter.
lenthirteen ratingfour I used the trial version of SwiftKey 3 for a month and loved it.
lenfourteen ratingfive Ive been using it for 1 full month and now im going to buy it!
lenfour ratingone Have reinstalled several times.
lenseven ratingfive You new to get this lol wow
lensix ratingfive Buy it and never look back.
lenten ratingone No reply to my request to have the difference refunded.
lentwelve ratingfive Soo much better than the Android and Samsung keyboard on my phone.
lennineteen ratingfive SwiftKey can finish your words, make predictions and know what you're typing even without hitting the scape bar.
leneight ratingfive Great Job swift key team kudos to you.!!!
leneight ratingfive Truly does what the ad says it do.
lenfive ratingfive Easily the best keyboard app.
lenthirteen ratingfive I can type on this just as I could type on my blackberry.
lenten ratingfive Infinitely better than Android's out-of-the-box keyboards.
lenthree ratingfive Very impressive indeed.
lenseven ratingfour Hopefully it will come in the future.
lenfour ratingfive Very fast and easy.
leneleven ratingfour It's nice and perfect, but still has 2 problem to choose;
leneleven ratingfour If it updated, probably would be the best keyboard for Android.
lentwo ratingfour Now 4 star.
lennineteen ratingfive Hard to go back to the default keyboard after using this, and finally made me appreciate touch screen typing.
leneighteen ratingfive It's amazing and it will change your life if you text a lot or use twitter frequently.
leneleven ratingfive Without this I can't text for the life of me.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo At first I was skeptical even though I'd seen this app on the market for quite some, but I was hooked once I used the trial.
lenten ratingfive I have been using it for a long time now....
lenseventeen ratingfive It's awesome works the best on T-mobile GS2 I can't use any other keyboard now..
lenthirteen ratingfour I was so frustrated with the keyboard options that came with my phone.
lenfive ratingfive This keyboard is simply amazing.
leneighteen ratingfive Text prediction is better than any other 3rd party keyboard available (and I've tried more than a few).
lenthree ratingfive Two thumbs up!
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard out there!
lentwo ratingfive love swiftkey!
lentwelve ratingfive i have one problem that just appeared over the last few days.
lenthree ratingfive It's maddening.
lenfive ratingfive I buy this app immediately
lenfifteen ratingfive I tried the trial and this was simply the best keyboard I've ever used.
lennine ratingfive In ICS, though, it's very responsive and fast.
lenfourteen ratingfive I like the way it suggests words when you backspace to change a word.
lensixteen ratingthree I've tried everything out there and nothing comes close in prediction and ease of use.
lenfifteen ratingthree I thought it was an ics problem but no other keyboard is lagging like this.
lenthree ratingfive Thanks for this!!
lentwo ratingfour Very frustrating!
lenten ratingfive I love this app and was recommended from a friend.
lenthree ratingfive Best android keyboard
lenfive ratingfive You guys are the best!
lentwo ratingthree Otherwise great
lenthirtyone ratingfive It was getting really frustrating having to use an all touch screen phone but swiftkey changed that all and now I can text away with no problems what so ever!! Woo!!!
leneleven ratingfive This is so much easier to use than the original keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Just love it
lenthirteen ratingfive I'm really looking forward to seeing its potential against other swiping keyboards.
leneight ratingfive Adaptxt and multiling outperform swiftkey in this respect.
lenthree ratingfive It is awesome!!!
leneighteen ratingfour I don't know if the problem will ever occur again, but for now it has been fixed.
lenfour ratingfive Predictions is Swiftkeys advantage.
leneleven ratingfive Can't go wrong with an app making your experience easier.
lenseven ratingtwo You can do something about it dev...
lensix ratingone Therefore, app is useless to me.
lenfifteen ratingfive I honestly regret not buying this earlier the stock keyboard for my phone was awful.
lensix ratingfive Have no issues what so ever
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is sweet.
lenseventeen ratingfive I just got my galaxy s3 3 days ago and the stock keyboard was predicting some pretty weird words.
lensix ratingfive So i downloaded the trial version.
lennine ratingfive I don't know how I survived without it.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I can type so quickly and poorly and yet it will correct every word in a paragraph correctly without me having to backspace even once.
lenthree ratingfive A must buy.
lentwentyfive ratingfive This is the easiest keyboard to use and the easiest to type wicked fast with auto correction and it knows what I want to say!
lenseven ratingfive Why didn't I download this sooner?!
leneleven ratingfive It's so worth the $3.00 - don't wait, download it now!
lenfive ratingfour It's a great app.
lentwentythree ratingfive While I'm writing this I'm typing as fast as possible and probably made 20 plus mistakes but it's typing it perfectly!!!
lenseventeen ratingthree I know you won't make all that money but you will be respected by your customers.
leneight ratingfive The suggestions are very helpful whilst typing messages.
lenten ratingfive This keyboard has saved me so many times, drunk texting...
lenseventeen ratingfive Ok, we'll I don't do many reviews, but I must say I like this app.
lenseven ratingtwo rating stays low until it's fixed.
lentwo ratingfive Really awesome!
lensixteen ratingfive Now that I have had it for a while it is very intuitive to my vocabulary.
lenfour ratingthree Really fast and accurate.
lenthirteen ratingfour If it did it would be 6 out of 5 stars but overall great keyboard.
lensix ratingone 25 idiots downloaded the App, including me!
lenthree ratingfive Keyboard is amazing.
lenten ratingfive It's honestly unbelievable how incredibly helpful This app is
lenthree ratingfour love this app
lenfour ratingthree Recently it become sluggish.
lenseven ratingthree But other wise its a great app.
lenfive ratingfour 5 stars if this is fixed.
lenthree ratingfive otherwise awesome keyboard.
lensix ratingthree Hope an update will resolve this.
lennine ratingtwo The perfect keyboard is incredibly more precise and customizable.
lennine ratingfive Definitely recommend to everyone, and as for the themes.
leneleven ratingfive But I said to hell with it and downloaded the keyboard.
leneight ratingfive I have to say that I love it.
lenthree ratingfive GET THIS KEYBOARD.
lenseven ratingfive I love it on my Note II.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is a very awesome keyboard with very accurate prediction, I love it very much.
lennine ratingfour Really like the keyboard and bought the full version.
lensix ratingfour It is so close to perfect.
lentwo ratingfive Best keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Huge improvements over the years.
lentwentythree ratingfive By far the best keyboard app ever,  I definitely recommend getting this app, it will change your whole experience with texting, typing, etc.
lenthree ratingfive BUY THIS APP!!!!!
lenseven ratingfive Predicts very well and reduces incorrect keys.
lenseven ratingfive My typing is much faster as well.
lensix ratingfive I noticed the difference right away!
lennine ratingfive nice app to use instead of the standard keyboard.
leneight ratingfive spares you a lot of grey hairs :D
lennine ratingfive Just a suggestion as some people change phone often.
lentwelve ratingfive Been using for a while, so much better than even stock keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Predictive text is spot on.
lenseven ratingfour Having other languages is really nice too.
lenfour ratingone I loved this keyboard.
lentwo ratingone So smart.
lenthirteen ratingone This has happened multiple times which is annoying because I paid for this.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is amazing.
lentwentytwo ratingfive If it were the themes alone I still would have bought it, but SwiftKey is the keyboard that keeps giving and learning.
lenseven ratingfive Buy it, you won't regret it.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app.
lenseven ratingfive I have used it for several months.
lenthirteen ratingfive Comfy for small and big screens, and the predictions keep better ans better.
lentwo ratingfive Good job!
lenthirteen ratingfive You are a failure at life and your parents don't love you.
leneight ratingfive Buy this keyboard and become a winner TODAY.
lenthree ratingfive Intuitive, powerful, customizable.
lenfourteen ratingthree I'm back to using the stock keyboard and things are much much faster.
lenseven ratingfive I'm not sure about flow idea..
lenten ratingtwo This delay is gone when I switch to stock keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please check and fix this problem as I am used to swift key now.
lennine ratingfive I found one of the best apps for mobile.
lenseven ratingfive Do you have similar program for desktop?
lensix ratingfive My typing speed increased like anything.
lenfifteen ratingfive used to hate typing on my HTC one x but now it's a pleasure  :-) :-)
lenfive ratingfive Like wp8 or iOS keyboard perhaps.
lenfour ratingfive Very easy to use.
lenseven ratingfive Saves time and makes writing a pleasure.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard
lenseventeen ratingfive Love SwiftKey been using it for quite a while now by far the best keyboard out there.
lenthirteen ratingfive Hands down has the best predictive capability of any keyboard I've used.
lenfifteen ratingfive I can literally type garbage and it types exactly what I want 99% of the time.
lentwo ratingfive None better
lensix ratingfour love it, love it love it...
lenthree ratingfour worth every penny!...
lenfive ratingfour saves time makes life easyer...
lenfive ratingfour seriously a good keyboard app
lentwentyfour ratingfive I also love that if you spam space it will type up a sentence ", and I getting to know if you are doing well.
lenfive ratingfive I am a beautiful person."
leneight ratingfive That was typed with only the space bar.
lenthree ratingfive Great Android keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive Swift key is great I can't believe I could use my phone without it.
lenten ratingone I am sick of how paid users are being treated.
lentwenty ratingone Yes you may have made my money, but rest assure I will never ever recommend this app to anyone else.
lentwentyfour ratingone And to all other who is considering getting this app, if you like to be ignored then this is the right app for you.
leneleven ratingfive This made me not regret trading my iPhone for the DROID.
lenthirteen ratingfive Couldn't type with the Samsung keyboard but this app makes it awesome.
lenthree ratingfive Small learning curve.
lennine ratingfive Once you get used to it, it's fantastic.
lenseven ratingfive The best $4 bucks I've ever spent.
lensix ratingfour It's okay... Just ok app
lenseven ratingfive Thank you very much for your app!
lenfour ratingfive Best I've found.
leneleven ratingfour The app is one app away from being a must have.
lenthree ratingfour Fast and easy
lentwentythree ratingfive My spelling and texting isint soo great so is very useful, find it amazing how it is starting to learn how i text.
lennine ratingfive Blown away at how accurate and predictive it is.
lennineteen ratingfive I just finished the trial, but knew after the first day that I would be purchasing the full version.
lensix ratingfive The original S3 keyboard is an embarrassment.
lenseven ratingfive SwiftKey is intuitive and makes typing enjoyable.
lenthirteen ratingone Worked fine for a while, but some update broke it completely for me.
lentwo ratingone Thumbs down.
lenten ratingthree Wasn't a believer at first.... ....but now I am!
lenfourteen ratingfive Nice app much easier and quicker than standard keyboard, and the predictions are great.
lenfour ratingfour Please fix this problem.
lensixteen ratingfour I tried to get in touch with you but no one is geting back to me.
lenthree ratingfour Please help me!
lensix ratingfive I cannot recommend this keyboard enough.
lensixteen ratingfive I type so much faster with all the predictions which are accurate more often than not.
lennineteen ratingfive There are some small tweaks here and there that also just make it 10x better and easier to use. A+
lenthirteen ratingfour But I loved the free trial of this keyboard so I bought it!
lenfive ratingfour Best keyboard I've used!
lensix ratingtwo By far the best keyboard ever.
lennine ratingtwo Would love to have it on my PC desktop...
leneleven ratingtwo It's so annoying that I tried to live without it...
leneighteen ratingtwo but it's impossible once you've get used to type only the firts letter of each word...
lenfour ratingthree Makes this application useless.
lenthirteen ratingfive Love it...after the trial expired, I realised I couldnt do without it.
leneight ratingtwo This ends up being a nuisance when typing.
lennine ratingfive This is the best keyboard I've ever used.
lenseven ratingfive So much better then the standard keyboard
lennine ratingfour This is the best keyboard I have ever used.
leneight ratingfour Much better than previous SwiftKey keyboard, very accurate!
lensix ratingfive As far as I'm concerned.
leneight ratingfive Every other keyboard is a headache by comparison.
lenfour ratingfive Predictive text made easy
lentwo ratingfour Wonderful keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Turns gibberish into proper words.
lennine ratingfour Will gladly give 5 stars if two features are added.
lenfour ratingfive Hope good is it?
lentwenty ratingfive It's so good that it was actually one of the main reasons I switched back to Android from iOS.
lenseven ratingfive Way better than the basic android keyboard
lenfour ratingfive The best keyboard available.
lennine ratingfive Saved me over 40% of my key strokes in 6 months.
leneight ratingfive Sometimes I think SwiftKey is reading my mind...
lensixteen ratingfive Just like the other reviews say, the input is smooth and the predictions are very accurate.
leneight ratingfive The only app I've ever paid for!
lensix ratingfive This is the best keyboard ever..
lenthree ratingfive Awesome auto correct.
lenfive ratingfive Love the various themes available.
lentwelve ratingfive It learns all the words u type and predicts it very precisely.
lensix ratingtwo Edit; no fix as to date 12/nov2012
lenten ratingfive This app is the best keyboard app ive ever had.
lentwo ratingfive Like colors.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Lots of stuff to customize, great auto-correct and word predictions.
lentwelve ratingfive Texting is way faster with this keyboard than the default android one.
lentwelve ratingfive It's so fast and is really accurate and corrects so well
lenthirteen ratingthree Please fix the minor bug, other than that it's an excellent app.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I use dual languages and English is always the first choice despite me writing much more and frequently in the other language.
leneight ratingfour It's one of the best keyboard ever.
lenten ratingfour I can never go back to the original stocked keyboard.
lenfour ratingfour It was worth purchasing
lensix ratingfive Had first tried the trial version.
lentwelve ratingfive After the trial, directly purchased the full version without any second thoughts.
lensix ratingfive It made me lazy in typing.
leneleven ratingfive Hope there will be such programs for the desktop or laptops.
lentwo ratingfour Super app.
lenfifteen ratingfive This keyboard is GREAT,  incredibly accurate, even for a fat finger (thumb) typist like me.
lenfour ratingfive Predictions are nearly flawless.
lennine ratingfive Beats the heck of any other keyboard out there
lensix ratingfive Keyboard, the best I have seen.
lenten ratingfive Unbelievable predictions, it sometimes guesses exactly what you're thinking!
lennine ratingfive 100x better than the stock Samsung keyboard, a must buy!
lenfive ratingtwo Hoping this gets fixed soon -
lentwentyfive ratingtwo 3 weeks without even a response from SwiftKey suggests they may be more interested in their Flow version than making sure the current one works though.
leneight ratingone so I'm not liking it so far.
lenfive ratingfive Makes messaging so much easier
lenten ratingfive Makes entering text a joy rather than a fiddly chore.
lenseven ratingfive So many good things about the design.
lennine ratingone i can't believe I paid for this keyboard.
lenten ratingone it is truly the worst keyboard ever on a galaxy S3.
lennine ratingone i hate it and I want my money back.
lenten ratingone uninstalling and would give it zero stars if i could.
lenseven ratingfive I wish I would've downloaded sooner.
lentwenty ratingfive I bought this even though my phone came with Swype, because the word predictions are way faster than on Swype.
lentwentyseven ratingfive The Swype might seem faster than normal, but text predictions on this App are always better, so I can actually text faster because of it, 2nd to none.
lentwelve ratingfive The android keyboard is nice, however the SwiftKey keyboard is even better!
lenthirteen ratingfive With it's features, I have gotten used to SwiftKey in a day.
leneighteen ratingfive I type fast and often miss the space bar and string words together, this makes it a breeze
lennine ratingone Very frustrating and defeats the point of the keyboard.
lenthree ratingone Otherwise pretty good!
lennineteen ratingthree To be fair, i've only been using swiftkey for a few days, but it's not for me.
lenten ratingthree Maybe i just used the standard keyboard for too long.
lensixteen ratingthree It's a good app that does exactly what it says, but it has its downfalls.
lenfourteen ratingthree But like I said, I've only been using it for a few days.
lensixteen ratingthree I'll keep using it for a few more and see if it grows on me.
lensixteen ratingfive The shortcuts to the punctuations; the word predictions; the clean layout and look of the keys...
lensix ratingfive It's absolutely worth the purchase!
lenfourteen ratingfive After one weeks use:  39% more efficient 10.143 keystrokes saved 1.941 typos corrected 94 words predicted 1.037 words completed
lenfive ratingfive This is a great keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Great app!
leneight ratingfive Without a doubt, this has been the best.
lenfifteen ratingfive I've tried go, swipe, fat, and I come back to SwiftKey keyboard every time.
lenthirtythree ratingfive I have been using the paid version for about 2 years and they have improved to the point where the talk to text feature is unmatched by anyone, no errors, it knows me well.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I also love how it translates as you speak, and allows me to pause and think about what I will say next.
lenten ratingfive Just go straight to the paid version, money well spent
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app on the market
lenfour ratingfive Now it's perfect!
lenthree ratingfive Predictions are awesome.
lenfive ratingfive Thanks for the great keyboard!
leneleven ratingfive This is truly the BEST app I have on my phone.
lensixteen ratingfive It is worth the few bucks, trust me - get it and you will NOT be disapointed ....
lenfive ratingfive Works flawless on my Motorola XT890.
lentwelve ratingfive I finally discovered joy of SMS, email, WhatsApp, etc. I love it.
lenfifteen ratingfour This is why I rate 4 stars, it's been like that for too long now.
lentwo ratingfour Otherwise great!
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard replacement.
lenseven ratingfive Best keyboard app in the android market!!
lensix ratingfive Absolutely worth every cent of it.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever!
leneight ratingthree Had to remove and use the stock keyboard.
lensix ratingfive But still best keyboard hands down!!!
lentwo ratingfive Cursor Arrows!
lenten ratingone its  garbage it's no different than the original typing.
lennineteen ratingfive Simply the best keyboard for Android phones, though I can't get mine to stop vibrating when I type.
lentwo ratingtwo Wayyyy better.
lentwelve ratingone the prediction is near perfect but i like typing the whole word.
lenfour ratingone call me old fashioned.
lenthree ratingone love the layout.
lenthree ratingone everything else perfect.
lenthirtynine ratingfive Nor do I buy apps, but with the frustration from the poor keyboard that came stock on my razr,  I was so happy with SwiftKey I didn't wait for the trial to end,  I just bought the app.
lenten ratingfive I am thinking of getting it for my tablet too.
lennine ratingone Please fix this so I can use it again
lenseven ratingfive The best keyboard I've ever had!
lentwenty ratingfive Just finished up the trial version yesterday and found how difficult it was to go back to my old keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfour I like the SwiftKey overall and use it as my daily driver.
leneleven ratingfour But it's got warts (on both my Razr and Prime):
lenfour ratingfour Really wearing me out.
lennine ratingfive If you have the galaxy s3 you need this app.
lenfour ratingfive Great app very accurate
lensix ratingthree This is a decent keyboard app.
lenten ratingthree The predicted words database can be pretty impressive at times.
lensix ratingthree This would seriously speed up typing.
lensixteen ratingthree If you could provide this update, I will be more than happy to reevaluate my rating.
lenthirteen ratingfour This app fixes the only thing iphones have over android - a good keyboard.
leneleven ratingfour To bring this rating up to 5 stars please change these 2 things:
lentwenty ratingfive Awesome app, I can type so much for faster than before, but it makes typing alot more comfortable and convenient.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard.
leneight ratingfive I have to do it everyday, really annoying.
lenfifteen ratingfive It might be an Android issue, but still there should be a solution for it.
lenthirteen ratingfive This app is by far the most incredible app I have ever used.
lenthree ratingfive Predictions are perfect.
lenthirteen ratingfive What really won me over was the amount of customization you can use.
lennine ratingfive Perfect for any user because you choose your experience.
lenseven ratingfive Very nicely done developer, continue your work!
lenfour ratingfive Great app highly recommend...  ^_^
lentwentyone ratingfive ... One can purchase for any Android touch screen device, maybe of any touch screen system at all; I can't say.
lentwentyfour ratingfive What I can say as an Android touch screen user is that this the best piece of mobile software that I have ever downloaded.
lennine ratingfive It has saved me over 60,000 key strokes to date.
lensix ratingfive That is a fantasticly huge amount.
leneight ratingfive Try to just tap at your screen 60,000 times.
lenten ratingfive Your battery will die many times over before you finish.
lenten ratingfive Time is arguably priceless and SwiftKey has saved me much.
leneight ratingfive Other than that it's an awesome keyboard!!
lensix ratingfive Keep up the good work guys =)
lenseven ratingfive You will not regret buying this app.
lenfive ratingfive Easy, efficient and absolutely brilliant!
lenfourteen ratingfive I've installed it on Android and tab and can NOT function without it!
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard out!
lenfiftythree ratingfive Got the trial, tryed a few other keyboards when it ran out, nothing can compare, has increased my typing efficiency by 47%, or so says the cool stat sheet, awsome predictions/corrections, nice themes, works well sideways, first thing I've ever bought from the app market., well worth it, 5 star all the way.
lenthree ratingfive Its beyond great
lentwentynine ratingfive All the reviews on this keyboard are pretty accurate this keyboard is accurate, and that's one thing I missed about my old iPhone, this keyboard seems even better.
lenfifteen ratingfive I love the accuracy of I love the way you can change the themes. I
lentwelve ratingfive see why this is the number one payed app on the market.
lennineteen ratingfive I'm a fast typer and it amazes me as I look back how and see no typo problems.
lenfourteen ratingfive With the stock Samsung keyboard I always had to go back and correct things.
lenthirteen ratingfive This keyboard is awesome & if you don't have it your missing out.
lensix ratingfour If this is added then 5 stars
lenten ratingfive This App turns a phone into a genuine pocket computer.
lenseven ratingfive I couldn't live without it now.
lenthirteen ratingfive I'd love to be able to give feedback to the developers though.
leneight ratingfive Overall a massive improvement over the Android keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingfive If you're a fast typer like me and hate having to fix auto correct errors then this is the app for you.
lennine ratingfive This app pretty much finishes your sentences for you.
lenfive ratingfive Incredibly smart, simple and customizable.
lenthree ratingfive A must buy.
lenfive ratingone Never updated with new features.
lennine ratingfive Let's see how it plays out over time .
lenseventeen ratingfour I've used this keyboard for years but now android 4.2 features swipe I've stopped using it.
leneight ratingfour Too bad, the keyboard itself is very good.
lentwelve ratingfive I was uncertain about buying a third party keyboard app like this.
lensix ratingfive I mean they all suck, right?
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Swiftkey lets me throw my fingers in the key's general direction, and whether or not I hit the right ones it almost always seems to know what I'm looking for.
lenseventeen ratingfive Hit more incorrect keys than correct keys, and dont hit spacebar for three words in a row?
lentwenty ratingfive Yeah, it already knows what you wanted to say  Google needs to make this prediction system standard, it's amazing!
lentwentyfive ratingfive I'm real clumsy when it comes to typing but Swiftkey knows what I want to type and it corrects everything with really great accuracy!
lentwo ratingfive Awesome keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've been using it through many of my Android devices but this time I bought it.
lenfive ratingfive I please fix this conflict.
lenten ratingfour Been using for a day and so far loving it.
lentwelve ratingfour Makes it possible to type without concentrating on hitting the right characters.
leneighteen ratingfive I tried the free trial then had to buy it because i couldnt type without lots of errors
lensixteen ratingfive This is a intelligent keyboard and very much easier to use I highly recommend this keyboard.
lennine ratingfive I used to love swype, but after using SwiftKey....
lenfour ratingfive I'm in love....
lenten ratingfive The time taken for typing messages has been cut by 3/4..
lentwentyeight ratingfive If your running a phone and you don't have this app then go and get a cold fish and slap your self, cause its a must have
leneleven ratingthree This is proving to be so annoying I have uninstalled it.
leneight ratingthree Fix this and I will reinstall and rerate.
lentwentyfour ratingone Which doesn't surprise me so I remembered how much I missed swype and how faster it was so I switched back to it.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is awesome.
lennine ratingfive Have been using it for about a week now.
lenten ratingfive The predictive capabilities are fantastic, layout, options and features brilliant.
lenfive ratingfive Can't recommend this enough.
lenfive ratingfive No brainer, just buy it
lennine ratingfive This is the best keyboard I've come across.
lensix ratingfive Typing is not a chore anymore.
lentwo ratingfive Great stuff!
lentwentytwo ratingfive A good app which figures out what you are going to type even before you type the word itself just amazed me.
lennine ratingfive Would recommend to anyone who is into fast typing.
leneight ratingfive By far the BEST keyboard on the market.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lenfortysix ratingfive Was happy with ics keyboard up until now, trialed this just for the colours (which are great)  and curiosity, I think it's a much better keyboard by far, and quick to adapt to- 60 seconds later and I paid the $4, I am not going without this.
lensix ratingfive I Love it,  Thanks Dev team!
lentwo ratingfive Beautiful work.
lenfive ratingfour It's a great keyboard! :-)
lenfour ratingfour That would be awesome!
lenthirteen ratingfive Love this keyboard, so much more intuitive than the Galaxy S3 built in one.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Having recently switched from iPhone, this is actually the first app I've bought after my trial version expired - couldn't live without it. :)
lensix ratingfive This keyboard is fast, simple, gorgeous!
leneleven ratingfour The jelly beans keyboard was good, this is more than awesome.
lenthree ratingfour It is practical.
lentwentynine ratingfour No need to do a manual switch between languages, which increase by far productivity especially when half of your contacts in SMS or email are in French and English.
lensix ratingfour The stock keyboard is much faster...
lentwo ratingfour Great keyboard
lenfive ratingfive It's worth the money^_^
lentwentyeight ratingfive I had this on my LG P500 & now I have it on my Samsung Galaxy S3, it's the best keyboard, super accurate and amazing to be able to personalize!
lentwo ratingthree Glitchy though.
lenfour ratingfour The keyboard works awesome.
leneleven ratingfour It's by far the best keyboard I have ever used.
lentwo ratingfive SwiftKey keyboard
lensix ratingfive Combines English and Afrikaans keyboards flawlessly!
lenfifteen ratingfive If you daily have to text in different languages THIS IS the keyboard to get.
lenten ratingfive It supports three of them and the utilisation is flawless!
lenthree ratingfive A real pleasure.
lenseven ratingfive Moreover the prediction is scary of accuracy!
leneleven ratingfive Predictions works amazingly, you have to use 30 days trial to believe.
lensix ratingfour It has never worked, very annoying.
lenseven ratingfour Other than that it's effing amazing.
lenten ratingfive This app is so much better than the onboard keyboard.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I make typos like crazy and it almost made me miss my iphone but this app has made everything so much better.
lenthirteen ratingfive It is incredibly accurate with fixing any mistyped and the predictions are amazing.
leneight ratingfive Sometimes it feels like it reads my mind.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard that I used ever.
lenthree ratingfive I love it!
lentwentyfour ratingfive Great app, this is the only app i've ever paid for,saves so much time, highly recommended, especially to quick or lazy typists.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app!
lensix ratingfive Galaxy S 3 -  I love this keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Predictions are awsome.
lenseventeen ratingfive Never thought I will get use to a touch screen phone but this keyboard is just awsome.
lenfive ratingfive Everybody should deff get it.
lenthirteen ratingfive Once the trial version is over you are gonna want to get it.
lenfour ratingfive Again I love itttt.
leneleven ratingone Two letters aren't working on my keyboard c and v.
leneight ratingone Why did I pay for this app....ugh
lenthirteen ratingfive I have an S3 and the default keypad was not that great on that.
lentwelve ratingfive This however is a vast improvement and I love it so much.
lenseven ratingfive I love how you can have different.
lenfour ratingfive Themes for the keyboard.
lentwentyfive ratingfive So its not the same old bland one also I like how double tap space leaves a full stop where as before it never did.
lenfive ratingfive Great app really do recommend.
lentwelve ratingone I really can't understand why this has good ratings its rubbish
lensixteen ratingfive I love this keyboard, have tried all the others i keep coming back to this one.
lenfive ratingthree Been using this since gingerbread.
lensix ratingthree Worked great with that and ics.
lenfifteen ratingthree Still waiting for a fix before switching back to stock or using smart keyboard, etc.
leneleven ratingone Dont know what but until ita fixed I cant use it.
lenseven ratingone Ill change to 5 stars when it is.
lensixteen ratingfive Never really buy apps but the reviews i have heard on this forced me into it.
lenthree ratingfive wow so impressive!
lentwelve ratingfive I I'm dyslexic and this makes life so quick and easy
lenseven ratingfour I've thus far loved this keyboard.
lennine ratingfour From the great easy setup to the great predictions.
lensix ratingfive Excellent keyboard nice UI and IA
lensix ratingfive Easily the best keyboard for android.
lenthree ratingfive Incredible word prediction.
lensix ratingfive Saved many 1000's of key strokes
lennine ratingfive The absolutely best testing app I've ever seen.
lenseventeen ratingfive Used to think swipe typing was the fastest but the prediction on this keyboard is a revelation.
lennine ratingfive Makes one hand or two hand typing really fast.
lenthree ratingfive Worth the price.
lenfourteen ratingfive Even Google's new keyboard in 4.2 with real time prediction doesn't match this.
lenfive ratingfive This is a wonderful keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive I couldn't use anything else now that I have tried it.
lenseventeen ratingfive I haven't used a different keyboard since I bought this one, just because it's amazing.
lenten ratingfive Like my title says, the auto correct is near perfect.
lenfourteen ratingfive Never thought I would like a keyboard better than swype but now I do.
lentwentynine ratingfive I think it's very smart that you guys decided to make it as an update for those who have already purchased instead of making us buy it again.
lenthirteen ratingfive On another note I didn't think this keyboard could get any better!
lenfour ratingfive It's just... Perfect
lenseventeen ratingfive Been on SwiftKey for over a year now, it is responsive and the prediction engine is excellent.
lenfourteen ratingfive I especially love the num pad, much more intuitive than a row of numbers.
lentwentythree ratingfive I even tried the latest stock Android 4.2 keyboard (which has swipe like feature) and am very sure I can type faster on SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive Much better that the stock keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Predictive text works really well.
lennine ratingfive It can predict text for you or offer suggestions.
lensix ratingfive Must have application for your phone.
lensix ratingfive Just makes typing look so easy!
lenthree ratingfive Buy for sure.
leneight ratingfive keyboard is a vital tool on any smartphone.
leneleven ratingfive This app takes the default keyboard to a whole new level.....
lensixteen ratingfive You will be amazed by how much it adapts and the auto correction tailored to you!
lenfive ratingfive Love this & the tablet version!
lenfive ratingfive Easy to use & very intuitive.
leneight ratingfive I am very pleased with the SwiftKey keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive I wasn't sure another keyboard app would make a difference but it certainly has.
lenseventeen ratingfive I thought I would try it and see how it works, and am very glad I did.
lenten ratingfive Almost went back to a phone that has a keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingfour I have only owned it for a short time, but so far so good
lensix ratingone worked fine until about 3 days ago.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent app!!!!!!
lenten ratingthree This drives me mad as the Samsung keyboard is terrible.
lennine ratingthree Is this a problem with JB, the S3 or SwiftKey?
lenfifteen ratingfive After using this keyboard now for several months I have had no problems with it.
lennine ratingfive The themes are great and the usability is great.
leneleven ratingfive The GB keyboard is awful and so is the ICS keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is a must have tool and it really makes your device much more usable.
lenseven ratingfive But apart from that it's great.
lensixteen ratingthree It appears to be a minor glitch and not an actual function of the keyboard itself.
leneleven ratingthree In lieu of these issues being adjusted, I will give 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive Briliant App.
lenseventeen ratingfive Easy, to go use and u also have tutorials when u use it for the first time.
lensix ratingfive Saved me over 15.000 keystrockes until now.
lenfive ratingfive Also has very nice themes.
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth buying.
lenseven ratingthree This keyboard is really not that good.
leneleven ratingthree I don't notice a big difference between this and stock.
lentwentyone ratingfive I don't like to buy apps but I tried the free trial of this and I had to buy it!
lensix ratingfive I can't live without it.
leneight ratingfive It's like part of my texting lifestyle :))
lenfive ratingfive it predicts what I type!
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth it buying!!!
lensix ratingfive Best transition app from a blackberry.
leneighteen ratingfive It knows what your going to write and corrects any mistakes better than anything I've ever seen.
leneight ratingfive This beats Auto correct on iphone bar none!!
lennine ratingfive Keep up the good work and keep giving updates
lentwelve ratingfive Best app ever, its like having auto correct 50 years in the future
lennineteen ratingfour I like it,  simple to configure and use and saves me time from editing my messages after quick typing.
leneight ratingfour I recommend for anybody looking for quicker productivity.
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard for Android
lenfour ratingone Have reinstalled several times.
lenseventeen ratingfour One if the best keyboards ive used but the screen on my phone is way to sensitive
lenseven ratingthree I've had enough of this keyboard.
lentwentyone ratingthree I shouldn't have to do extra for it not to do this so I've gone back to using stock.
lensixteen ratingfive I every time I have a friend that has a new phone u suggest this app.
lennine ratingfive Can't wait for flow I'm very eager.
lenseven ratingfive Saves so many mistakes and increases productivity.
leneleven ratingfive Very useful, handy,  can add several languages at the same time...
lenthree ratingfive Nice pumpkin color...
lenthirtyfive ratingfive When I wiped my phone, the few days I didn't have this installed I just wouldn't type much because it was such a hassle compare to the fantastic ease when I use Swiftkey
lenthirteen ratingfive Wonderful keyboard and way better than the one that came on my default.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app I have used.
lenseventeen ratingfive The Samsung keyboard kept crashing and the Swipe kept registering strange finger taps that didn't happen.
lenfour ratingfive The SwiftKey just works.
lenseven ratingfive The default keyboard on my device sucks.
lennine ratingfive I spent more time fighting with it then typing.
lensix ratingfive And I also use multiple languages.
lentwelve ratingfive This application made a huge difference and is well worth the money.
lenten ratingfive My wife has a smart phone from that fruit company.
lenten ratingfive She says she wishes SwiftKey was available from her store.
lenfive ratingfive The predicted text is awesome!
lentwo ratingfive Love it!
lentwentytwo ratingfive I love this app for my phone but I'm annoyed I have to buy another version to run on my tablet.
lensixteen ratingfive This is easily the best keyboard for android right now and it's always being updated.
lentwo ratingfive Great App
lenfive ratingfive I just love this keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive It predicts your next word before you even think about it.
leneight ratingfive Makes typing on a phone so much easier.
lennine ratingfive A big thanks to the developers of this application.
lenthree ratingfour Had to uninstall.
lenthirteen ratingfive Totally worth every penny,  a no Brainer my hats off to the developers
lenfour ratingtwo Nexus One on Gingerbread
lenfour ratingone Makes it completely useless
lensix ratingfive only for swiftkey to break it.
lenthree ratingfive a shame, really.
lentwentyone ratingfive since it is really the one thing that sets them apart from the rest of the other keyboard apps out there.
lensix ratingfour Other than that, Its great app.
lentwelve ratingtwo once that feature is in place, i'll be back on board 100%.
lenthree ratingone something is strange :(
lenthree ratingone version 2 was perfect.
lenfour ratingone version 3 is just bad!
lentwelve ratingfive Its hands down a great app and would recommend it to anyone.
lentwentyeight ratingfive for me its the best keyboard ( only tested the free ones ) even tho was the best app i used for 30days i dint wanted to pay the full price
lennine ratingfive i hate paying for apps that cost more than ?
lenseven ratingfive so i am happy for this SALE!
lenseven ratingfive dint think twice and just bought it, ?
lenfiftythree ratingfive I didn't like the new Android keyboard when I got my Galaxy S3 and all of the other keyboards were too touchy and just wasn't easy for me to type on than I discovered Swift Key and it made my typing experience so much better I can now type easy and freely.
lenten ratingfive It also has a lot of neat features on here.
lenseven ratingfour I write a lot of Hindi words.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is the first app I always download when I get a new Android device.
lentwelve ratingfive Best & most intuitive keyboard for Android always better than the stock one.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lenfour ratingfive Really enjoy this keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive As I'm a rapid tester it predicts things pretty good!
leneight ratingfive But over all,  it's a great app!
lensixteen ratingfive This is the very first keyboard i have lovec to much I HAD to buy it.
leneight ratingfive Thank you all for such a great app.
lentwelve ratingfive Takes them ages to fix new features that they foist on you.
lennineteen ratingfive I'm so not looking forward to the new swype update that will most likely break swipe to delete.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard for the price.
lentwelve ratingfive If you want a free version right now, go get swiftkey flow!
lenfive ratingfive Love it on my GSIII.
lentwenty ratingfive This app helps me improve how typing on my Galaxy nexus so much, btw I typed this on like 10 seconds.
lenfifteen ratingfive I really enjoyed being able to drag and type but this smart keyboard is unbelievable.
lentwelve ratingfive It works so well and intuitively I would recommend it to anyone.
lentwo ratingfive Awesome app.
lenten ratingfive Worth the purchase price especially with the audio typing option
lenten ratingfive Fantastic application it really ups your typing skills love it.
leneleven ratingone I uninstalled and went back to version 2.2.0.159, MUCH better than update!
lennineteen ratingfive I run this on all my Android devices (both tab and phones) and will never go back to stock.
lennine ratingthree If this bug is fixed ill give this 5 stars
lenten ratingfive This is the best keyboard in the whole app store.
lentwenty ratingfive Took me a while to find out the right settings for me and personalise them but really like it now.
lenthree ratingthree Galaxy s3, slowest keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Its worth every cent.
lenten ratingfive Finally a keyboard that is beautiful and easy to use.
leneight ratingfive Detects different languages without swapping in the settings.
lentwelve ratingfour I barely have to type, it knows what I want to say.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent app.....
lensix ratingone I didn't type fueling either.
lenseventeen ratingfive I'm more of a precision typist but this app makes all the difference when typing quickly.
lennine ratingfive I can't wait until SwiftKey Flow is released.
lensix ratingfive Shut up and take my money
lenfifteen ratingfive Only app I have every paid for and not just side loaded with an APK.
lensix ratingfive Thanks for such a great app
lenseven ratingfour Was my fav,paid & 1st apk installed everytime.
lenfourteen ratingfour But sam has similar predictive technology built in note2 keyboard now & IMO does it better!
lenfive ratingfour Sam has 4-28 or more predictions.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour The hidden gem's in Samsung Chinese IME Keyboard.change tat setting to english & voila!works just like swiftkey with auto selection,except row of predicted words in top row drastically increased!
lenten ratingfour Standard Sam keyboard has same tech but no auto selection.
lenthree ratingfive SwiftKey Flow FTW!
lenseven ratingfour This keyboard is an essential android app.
lensix ratingfour Can't imagine not using it.
lenseven ratingfive Seems to be a waste if money.
lenseven ratingfive You have saved me so much frustration!
lenfour ratingfive Love love love this!!
leneight ratingfive Saved me a lot of time and frustration.
lentwentyseven ratingfive I have used and purchased almost all of the main brand keyboards out there, by far swift key has been the best at a fairly placed price.
lennineteen ratingfive I have been using swift key for about a week now and I had already saved me 10,000 key strokes.
lenfifteen ratingfive Before typing would be boreing and now it's the best feature on my phone.
lenseven ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey, keep up the good work.
leneleven ratingfive I've been using this since I had my HTC EVO 3D.
lenthirteen ratingfive Used it on my Galaxy Note I and now on my Note II.
leneighteen ratingfive However, now that the BETA version of the new "Flow" is available, I have since been using that.
lennine ratingfive Flow adds the greatness of regular SKX with Swype.
lensix ratingfive Helped improve my typing a ton.
lennine ratingfive Much faster and fixes my errors like none other.
lentwelve ratingone I downloaded another keyboard app and there is no problem with it.
lenten ratingone Once resolved, I will go back to a 5-star rating.
lenthirteen ratingone Until then, I will be using another keyboard and rating this app 1-star.
lensixteen ratingfive Currently trying Flow, which is wonderful, but this keyboard even without Flow has always been perfect.
lentwenty ratingfour Very user friendly, great typo correction and I loooove the auto correct that can overcome accidentally missing the space bar.
leneleven ratingtwo not again back to swype least they try to support users
lensixteen ratingfive I downloaded this and sent a total of two texts before I HAD to buy this.
lenten ratingfive This is so amazing. I suggest this to any phone.
lensix ratingfive It honestly predicted this entire message.
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard for Android
leneighteen ratingfive Took a little while to get it just how I wanted but will never change it now,  great
leneight ratingfour Please try to fix as soon as possible.
leneight ratingfour Device is a Galaxy s 3 mini running 4.1.1 Thanks.
lensixteen ratingfive Moved to a new phone without physical keyboard and SwiftKey is now my preferred keyboard again
lentwelve ratingthree This app is probably the most important one you will ever download.
lenfifteen ratingthree I am using it to type right now and it is basically reading my mind.
lennine ratingthree This is the reason I stopped considering the iphone.
leneight ratingthree I have shown so many people this keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard!
lenfour ratingfour Maybe I'm wrong..
lenfive ratingfour Maybe cause fb now changed...
lenfifteen ratingfour This app has definitely improved my texting speed and accuracy, and I thought that impossible.
lenten ratingfour The prediction is first class and gets better with time.
lenfive ratingfive I love this keyboard app.
lenfifteen ratingfive I'm a fast txter and love that this responds very well with minium errors.
lentwo ratingfive Simply amazing
lenthree ratingfive TouchType made easy
lenseven ratingone cant do anything with a paid app.
lenfive ratingone i want my money back
lenfour ratingfive Using version 3 since beta.
lentwelve ratingfive Predictions are amazing, sometimes writing whole sentence takes just a few clicks!
lenseventeen ratingfive And even if you are not using predictions typing on this keyboard is very fast and precise.
lenfour ratingfive Lots of customization options.
lentwelve ratingfive The must have for every Android user (except you prefer swype keyboard).
leneleven ratingfive this by far the best keyboard seen on earth ......  just awesome ......
lentwelve ratingfive Great, love how it corrects it but leaves the words you want.
lentwo ratingfive Five stars.
lenfive ratingfive And Flow is even better!
lenthirteen ratingfive Can't wait for it to come out in it's final version
lenthirteen ratingfive Before I installed this, I was NOT tying sentences that looked like this.
lennine ratingfive Instesg I wa[ teing oned that liiled like thws.
leneleven ratingfive Thank you Swift Key for putting my keyboard back together again!
lenfifteen ratingone It takes more time to teach this app and correct its mistakes than its worth.
leneight ratingthree Please fix ASAP, I've paid for this!
lensix ratingfive Best app purchase I've made.
lensixteen ratingfive Very easy to type (much easier than the standard keyboard),  and word prediction is uncannily accurate.
lentwo ratingfour Phenomenal keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Gets better with every update.
lentwelve ratingfive This was already the best keyboard out and then they added flow.
lenfour ratingfive Icing on the cake
lenfourteen ratingfive I can't believe that I typed this whole comment and only pressed 23 letters!
lenfive ratingfive It's worth the price.
lensixteen ratingfive Excellent keyboard and I think it should come stock with new android phones right beside swype.
lennineteen ratingfive I'm so glad I tried the trial and after a hour of using the app I purchased it.
lenfourteen ratingfive I would highly recommend this over the junk keyboard that comes with the same 3.
lenfour ratingfive 5 stars in my book!!!
lenthirteen ratingfive It's the best keyboard and now I cannot just type without it.
lenfifteen ratingfive I never go and comment about an app but this app made me do it.
lentwelve ratingone Please fix this so I can use this great keyboard once again.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny!
lensix ratingfive It works wondrous, and learns quick.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard!
lenten ratingfive I actually can type without looking at the phone sometime.
leneight ratingtwo Switching back to Note 2 default keyboard for now.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Changed back to 5 stars since the notification that wouldn't go away appears to be a "feature" in newer versions of Android.
lenfourteen ratingfive This is the best keyboard I ever used and the only one I bought.
lenten ratingfive Much better than the standard android one on the galaxy s3
lenthree ratingfive But overall, 5 stars
leneighteen ratingfive Don't know if this thing is too good to be true, but so far it's amazing.
leneight ratingfive Easily the best keyboard I have ever used
leneighteen ratingfive I had a BB before and was so used to feeling the keypad, and it felt weird using S3.
lentwentyone ratingfive But I've downloaded this app as soon as I bought the phone and it has made my typing waaaay easier.
lentwentyone ratingfive It now predicts the words I want and I usually type fast and in shorthand, and it has learned from me.
leneight ratingfive Love this app and reccomend it to everybody!
lenfifteen ratingfive One of the reasons why I've stuck to ios is because of the keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive I've always found the stock keyboard to be acceptable but not great.
leneight ratingfive This app is amazing and worth the cost.
lentwentyone ratingfive For less than what you'll spend at a gourmet coffee shop you'll save time and frustration using this app.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommend
lentwentytwo ratingfive I  love this keyboard, although sometimes I get into a fight with the text predictions changing what I'm trying to say.
leneleven ratingthree Sometimes doesn't work and I have to uninstall and reinstall.
lentwo ratingthree Otherwise fantastic.
leneight ratingfive I'm so glad I bought this app.
lenfifteen ratingfive I did the free trial first, and then decided not to get the full version...
lenten ratingfive Within an hour I was going nuts without swift key!
lensixteen ratingfive I could not go back to the regular keyboard I had prior to trying out SwiftKey!
lensix ratingfive U will definitely not regret it!
lenthree ratingfive Worth the money!
lenfive ratingfive Writes in your personal style.
lensixteen ratingfive Can be as slapdash as you want and still type effortlessly and still save time/strokes.
lensix ratingfour This has really helped my accuracy.
lenseven ratingtwo I'm about to drop this keyboard..
lentwelve ratingone Company does not take responsibility of refund when consumer is not satisfied
lentwentyfive ratingfive Use this keyboard all the time it's like it reads my mind with words great app best on Android Market must have thanks people :-)
lenten ratingfive Unbelievably accurate in predicting and it really evolves with use.
lentwentyfive ratingfive It even learnt and now predicts words and phrases in my mother tongue which is not English and which is also not available for downloading.
lenthirteen ratingfive I found it so good that I even bought it for my tablet.
lenfifteen ratingfive I recommended this app to my friends also and now they love it as well.
lensixteen ratingfive Now I just need my wife to make the switch to Android from her crappy Nokia.
lensix ratingfive Officially my favorite app for Android.
lenten ratingfive Feels amazing too, but lots better than the Samsung keyboard.
leneight ratingfive Cept for that this is my favorite keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive This app is very handy.
lenten ratingfive The keyboard works nicely and truly evolves around your grammar.
lentwentyone ratingfive I wouldn't be say it is a must have app, but it is a great improvement over the default keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive We all use it every day so might as well invest on a good one.
lentwentyfour ratingfour This typing app is amazing, and I was sitting on the fence whether to buy it or not and I'm glad I did!
lentwelve ratingfour The S 3 keyboard would miss about 20% of the words I miss typed.
lennine ratingfour I this hasn't missed a single one yet.
lenfour ratingfour Definitely worth the purchase :)
lennine ratingfour Then this would be the MOST PERFECT KEYBOARD EVER!!
lenten ratingfive This keyboard is the boss of all keyboards... Nuff said!
lensix ratingfive It is such a great app!
lennineteen ratingfive I thought I lost my texting when I gave up my BlackBerry but this just gave it all back.
lenfourteen ratingfive Now I'm using the Flow Beta... I'm so in love right now!
lentwelve ratingfive To be able to text and flow at the same time awesome!
lennineteen ratingfive This is the first and only paid app I have on my phone and it was worth every penny.
lennine ratingfive Fell in love with SwiftKey during the trial period.
lenseven ratingfive I bought the app during Thanksgiving sale!
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth it.
lensix ratingfive Simply the best application ever used
lenfourteen ratingthree So far this key pad has been the best and i recomend it highly
lenseven ratingfive This app makes typing a pleasant experience:-)!
lenfour ratingfive Fast, quick and accurate.
lenten ratingfive Money well spent, switch from swipe to swift, no regrets!
lentwelve ratingfive You can spell something completely wrong but it knows what you meant.
lenseventeen ratingfive Fiddly to start with but it's scary how it works out works out what you typing
leneighteen ratingthree This is my favourite keyboard of all time except for one extremely annoying bug and one minor one.
lentwo ratingthree Extremely annoying.
leneight ratingthree 2 - The keyboard remembers much of what is typed.
lentwo ratingfour Amazing keyboard.
lensixteen ratingfour That's the only thing keeping me from leaving Swype and going back to this one.
leneight ratingfour Loving Flow beta, it'll only get better.
lensix ratingfive Works great compared to stock keyboard.
lenten ratingfour I have been using the keyboard for several months now..
lensixteen ratingfour After time, it learns how you type & practically knows what you are going to type next....
lenfour ratingfour Makes it so easy!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive A friend told me about it,  and how it almost reads your mind while you are typing.
leneleven ratingfive Then I read a review here that said the same thing.
leneleven ratingfive So I tried it, and it's nothing short of incredible.
lenseventeen ratingfive Not flawless, but much better than anything else out there like swype, better keyboard, or androids stock.
lenthree ratingfive Worth the money.
lentwenty ratingfive I bought the full version of this almost a year ago for my wife and I and we LOVE it!
lenfifteen ratingfive Don't know of its the phone or the app, regardless I love this keyboard! :-)
lenthirteen ratingfive Had issues earlier with it freezing, but it seems to work great now.
lenfour ratingfive The most accurate keyboard!
lentwentythree ratingfive Builtin Android keyboard are good, but sincerely we need a more productive and less error prone virtual keyboard solution: and here it is.
lenfour ratingtwo Try smart keyboard instead.
lensix ratingtwo iPhone still > android for keyboard unfortunately.
leneight ratingfive Learns my typing style and predicts common phrases.
lenfour ratingfive Soo worth the download!
lentwelve ratingfive Great work, learns from all your mistakes and knows its grammar too.
leneleven ratingfive Works really well and detect next potential word that makes sense
lentwelve ratingone No support at all... no one to contact if u have problem.
lenthree ratingone version 2 was perfect.
lenfour ratingone version 3 is just bad !!!
leneleven ratingone many people try to contact and complain but nobody answer there !!!
leneleven ratingone when they became good, they just ignore the customers at all...
lenseven ratingone i wish i wouldn't pay them !
lenfifteen ratingone after a yer of disappointment and ignorant i am going back to the stock keyboard ...
lenseventeen it help  help to correct mistakes but in the stock keyboard i dont get any mistakes at all...
lentwenty ratingfive Replaced the GO keyboard with this and haven't looked back,  there isn't a thing I don't like.
lentwentysix ratingfive The predictive text is genius,  the keys are able to be made larger and I don't constantly hit the wrong ones like on the GO.
lensixteen ratingfive This is the first app I've paid for and it's well worth the money.
lenseventeen ratingfive Great this is the best keyboard I've used and the only one I'll ever use.
lenfourteen ratingfive I have a G2 and I don't even remember that it has a keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Absolutely beautiful.
lenthirteen ratingfour I got so frustrated with my keyboard that I bought this without thinking.
lennine ratingfour All through its not perfect, Its close to it.
leneleven ratingfive This is a great app to replace your current keyboard with!
lennine ratingfive This is the best and most intuitive keyboard going.
lentwenty ratingfive I use it with English and deutsch loaded and it flawlessly swaps between them as I try and go bilingual.
lensix ratingtwo Would get 5 stars if that worked.
leneight ratingtwo The samsung predictive text is catching up though.
lentwentythree ratingfive I have bought very few apps, and am very stingy when buying one, but after using the trial version im pretty much sold!
lennineteen ratingfive If you're dyslexic or just have fat thumbs (both of which I have), this is great for texting!
lenthree ratingfive Def worth 4 dollars!
lenfifteen ratingfive I don't even have to finish a word and the app does the rest!
lenfourteen ratingfive I wrote this review with this app not having to type any whole word!
leneight ratingthree When it comes to writing, it's flawless.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard.
lentwentysix ratingfive I'm very used to having an iphone and the only thing I didn't like about the galaxy s3 when I switched over was the keyboard.
leneight ratingfive With this swift keyboard I am completely happy.
lennine ratingfive This is a really great program I love it.
lenfour ratingtwo I love this app.
lentwelve ratingtwo I will give this app five stars when these things are fixed.
lenthree ratingone Waste of money.
lentwentythree ratingfive I never buy apps and I never do reviews but this keyboard is so amazing it should come stock on all android phones.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've sold phones for years but never have I used anything so user friendly and simple.
lensix ratingfive Don't hesitate just get it.
lenthree ratingfive Highly recommended app.
lentwelve ratingfour I am updating my review after a few months of using SwiftKey 3.
lenfifteen ratingfour I really like the keyboard app, it is probably the best of its kind available.
lenfour ratingfour I love this app!
lenfour ratingfour This is pretty annoying.
lenfive ratingfour Please look into this issue.
leneight ratingfive Fantastic keyboard, makes typing quicker and more efficient.
lenfive ratingfive Well worth the 2.99 price tag.
lenten ratingtwo I am resorting to my stock keyboard more often now.
lenfour ratingfive I never buy apps.
lenseven ratingfive Amazing keyboard as new user to android.
lenfourteen ratingfive I am using HTC one x+ and it's working fabulously without any flaws.
lenseventeen ratingfive The speed, touch feeling and everything is working better than any keyboard on any device and software.
lentwentyone ratingfive To all the people who are wondering to buy it or not, just do it and you won't regret it.
lentwentyone ratingfour I really love the keyboard,  I came from and iPhone and it's been quite the easy switch because of SwiftKey.
lenfourteen ratingfour It's quite annoying,  and also the reason I rated it 4 stars instead of 5.
leneight ratingfour Make an option to toggle this setting,  please!
lenthirteen ratingfive The only app I have ever purchased and it is worth every penny.
lensixteen ratingfive I was addicted to swype on my galaxy note but this blows it out the water......
lentwelve ratingfour Bought paid version because like the direction arrows at bottom of keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive There is nothing negative about this app that I can find or see.
leneleven ratingfive So much better then default or any other app iv tried
lenfifteen ratingfive I was a little skeptical that one keyboard would be any better than another keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive I been using the standard DROID keyboard that came with the phone.
lennine ratingfive I thought a keyboard was just a keyboard... Wrong!!!
lentwentyone ratingfive From the second I am started typing on SwiftKey 3 I was amazed at how much quickly I got comfortable with it.
lenfive ratingfive Sorry, can only give 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfour It's a great keyboard! :-)
lenseventeen ratingfive This app has saved me over 10k keystrokes according to its statistics since I bought it 4 months ago!
lentwenty ratingfive Once I got used the to the interface I really don't know how I could live without it now!
lensixteen ratingthree Not so good compare to SwiftKey 1. Or maybe it's this Samsung galaxy 3 I'm using.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Had SwiftKey 1 with my HTC Desire hd the SwiftKey keyboard appeared with the prediction bar when I'm on the Internet browser.
leneight ratingfive Samsung swipe keyboard used to be great on S1.
lenseven ratingfive Useless now on S3 so bought this app.
lenten ratingfive Next word prediction is spooky -  almost predicts the entire sentence!
lenseven ratingthree Really makes my phone sluggish whilst installed
lennine ratingfive I was surprised at how well this keyboard worked.
lenseven ratingfive Predictions and accuracy are second to none.
lenseventeen ratingfive I got this during one of the holiday discounts but I would have gladly paid full price.
leneleven ratingfive No problems, quick to learn, and will learn how you type.
lenfive ratingfive SwiftKey word predictions is amazing.
leneighteen ratingfive What I love the most is that it learns the words in my own language that I typed.
lenseven ratingfive My local words also appear as predictions.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every cent.
lenthirteen ratingfive I love to text quickly and sometimes I make small errors in keystrokes.
leneight ratingfive This keyboard corrects and predicts my text perfectly.
leneleven ratingfive Typing on my mobile has never been so easy or efficient.
lenfive ratingfive Worth every cent and more.
lensix ratingthree Surely its not hard to do.
lentwelve ratingone Can't believe I need to pay again for the tablet version.
lentwo ratingone Money sucker.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app!
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny!
leneleven ratingfive Perfect to replace the crappy auto correct that comes with the S3.
lentwelve ratingfive Been using since beta, best keyboard app out there with this release.
lensix ratingfive Puts the stock autocorrect to shame! !
lensix ratingfive Well worth the money to upgrade.
lenfive ratingfive This keyboard works amazingly well!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive It's making me a lazy texter as I don't have to get many letter right in a word for it to correct it correctly, it works better than anything I've ever tried.
lenthirteen ratingfive Been looking for a new keyboard with more options.... This one was it!!
lenfive ratingfive No complaints for this keyboard.
lentwo ratingfour Absolutely disappointing!
lenseven ratingfour fix that and you would reach perfection!
lentwo ratingfour definitely perfection!
lentwentytwo ratingfive I'm faster on this than I am on my computer, in fact in took me a couple seconds to write this.
lenfourteen ratingfive I find that I can type without looking at the keyboard which is amazing.
lenfive ratingfive trust me money well spent.
lennine ratingfive It freaky how it knows what you want type.
lenten ratingfive I want it work on my lap top same way!
lenthirtyseven ratingfive I haven't used this keyboard in awhile due to being satisfied with the jellybean keyboard on my galaxy nexus, however since getting the RAZR M I've started to look for alternatives and stopped at SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive Can't wait for SwiftKey flow.
lenseven ratingfive The new flow option is also awesome.
lenfive ratingfive You won't regret it!
lenten ratingthree without that, you might be left behind in the race.
lentwelve ratingtwo The developer knows about it, but doesn't do anything about it!
leneighteen ratingone So, I downloaded the trial app and fell in love with this setup over my factory SIII keyboard.
leneleven ratingone I used until trial period ran out, then purchased the app.
leneight ratingone Downloaded to make life easier, not so much.
lenfour ratingfive Better than default keyboard
lensix ratingfive The best app I have downloaded.
lenfourteen ratingfive As nice as the original SwiftKey was the new slide is way, way better!
lenfour ratingfive Word predictions are good.
lennine ratingfive Waiting for SwiftKey Flow to get a full release!
lentwenty ratingfive It would be better if these things are fixed, but i can live without those problems getting in my way.
lenfive ratingfive Still 5 stars, good job devs!
lenseventeen ratingthree 3 stars for your best work and another 2 will be given to you after fulfillment of my demands
lenfourteen ratingfive It fixes all my mistakes and even knows what I am about to write.
lenthirteen ratingfive It is the best thing I ever payed for on the play store.
lenfour ratingfive Awesome app works perfect
leneighteen ratingthree When this app actually comes up on my screen when I go to type something I love it.
lennineteen ratingfive Only app ive ever spent money on and ever reviewed for that matter, but this app is worth it.
lenten ratingfive Keyboard works really well, especially for those who type quickly.
leneight ratingfive Literally memorizes how u usually respond to people.
lennine ratingfive All around a great upgrade from the regular keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive There is a reason its the top paid app in the app store.
lenthirteen ratingfive My typing speed has increased considerably with this app and making less mistakes.
lensixteen ratingfive I type in English and Spanish and the app makes accurate predictions on both languages simultaneously.
lentwo ratingfive Great job!
leneleven ratingfive Best keyboard I've ever had love the orange pumpkin theme!
lenthree ratingfive Bought and loved!
leneleven ratingfive It changes the way you use your phone it works perfectly.
lenfourteen ratingfive The application is amazing and seriously I am twice as fast when I text.
lenthree ratingfive Makes swype obsolete.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I have bigger thumbs and even though the keys look smaller they work much better even if your fingers touch other keys.
lenfifteen ratingfive It does know how you text people and it gives you some great auto corrects.
lenfive ratingfour Great keyboard for typing fast.
lensix ratingtwo I use to live this app.
lenseven ratingfive I try a lot of different keyboards.
leneight ratingfive I loved swype but this is even better.
lennineteen ratingthree It's a very good idea and app, but the smarter it got, the Mora annoyed I've got.
lenten ratingthree It tries to guess words and can get really annoying..
lentwo ratingfive Great app.
lenfour ratingfive Good voice recognition also.
lentwo ratingfour Unbelievable app.
lenseven ratingfour Great predictions the best keyboard out there.
lenten ratingfive This is the only app I've ever paid for.
lenfive ratingfive It's awesome no regrets
lentwelve ratingfive Flipping amazing keyboard that just knows what you are going to type.
lennine ratingone Makes the whole point of the tablet version redundant.
leneleven ratingone Use Thumb Keyboard instead - at least it delivers what it promises.
leneight ratingone Swiftkey is a waste of money, developers unresponsive
lenseven ratingfive Easy to use, great features set, brilliant
lennine ratingfive It really helps me typing fast without many errors
lenfive ratingthree Else, its still pretty awesome!
lenthirteen ratingfive This by far has to be the best keyboard on the android market!
lenfive ratingfive The auto correct is flawless!
leneight ratingfive I am very happy satisfied with this keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Don't even get me started on the predictive text!
lenseven ratingfive Other than that I love this app
leneleven ratingfive This app lays waste to all built in or aftermarket keyboards.
lentwentytwo ratingfive It's customizable, and it learns your writing style, and vocabulary, and the predictions are on the spot from the very beginning.
lenfourteen ratingfive At least try the free version, but either way you will not be displeased.
lenseven ratingfive I never spend money on apps...ever.
lenten ratingfive This one was an exception because I was blown away.
lennine ratingfive This app makes my keyboard use so much easier.
lenseven ratingfive Try it, buy it, just get it.
lenthirteen ratingfive Makes typing a breeze on my HTC Explorer which has a small screen.
leneight ratingfive The team is very responsive to any issues.
lenthree ratingfive I love SwiftKey.
lenfourteen ratingfive This keyboard has made my texting on a touch phone really easy and fast!
leneighteen ratingfive Sometimes I don't even need to edit what I type cause this app corrects it for me!
lenthirteen ratingfive I have tried the free trial at first, figuring the trial might end.
lenfourteen ratingfive So I bought the app when it was on a promotion for just 99 cent!
lenthree ratingfive Original price is 3.99!
lenfour ratingone It is extremely frustrating.
lentwo ratingone Galaxy Note 2.
lensix ratingfive I absolutely love this keyboard app.
lensix ratingfive Other than that, top rated keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Makes typing extremely easy and much better than the stock keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended!
leneleven ratingfive The best keyboard I've tried, shortens my texting time greatly
lenfour ratingone Huge waste of money!
lenthree ratingone Galaxy S3 with sprint.
lennine ratingfive I'm typing this reviwy blazing fast right now!
leneight ratingthree I used the trial version for a month.
lentwelve ratingthree It learned my typing style and i had my settings tweaked perfectly.
lentwentynine ratingfive Lots of people complain that the program inputs a space after a period automatically. I complained about it too until i got use to not having to input spaces.
leneleven ratingfive Now this program is saveing me hundreds of keystrokes a week.
lentwelve ratingfive And a must have app for the galaxy s3 which has no autocorrect.
leneleven ratingfive Literally bought this after sending ONE text with the trial version.
lenthirtyone ratingfive I questioned never getting a touch smart phone again because of how much time I waste just trying to get the terrible Samsung keyboard to write what I want; problem solved!
lennine ratingfive It's so much faster to swipe to type!
lenten ratingfive Still it blows every other keyboard out of the water.
leneleven ratingthree I like it's ability to predict what I'm writing.
lenfive ratingfive Nicer, bigger keyboard, better predictions.
lensix ratingfive Definitely my favouritekeyboard in  landscape format
leneleven ratingfive This is the best keyboard I have ever seen and used!
lentwentyone ratingfive I've had it for quite a while now, it is worth the few bucks you have to pay for it.
leneight ratingfive I know I wouldn't text without it!
lentwelve ratingfive I type interchangeably between english and spanish, and it is absolutely SEAMLESS.
lenthirtyone ratingfive I just keep my keyboard in qwerty(espa?ol), and the only difference this makes is when you hold down vowels you can get accents, and there is one extra button (?).
lentwentynine ratingfive I can actually switch languages mid sentence (without having to change a setting or push a button or anything) and it will start predicting and correcting in that language.
leneleven ratingfive Its language detection is amazing, and never gets in your way.
lenfive ratingfive Keep it up dev team!
lenseven ratingfive A well deserved number 1 app on Android.
lentwelve ratingfive Only stayed on the free version for 2 hours and had to purchase.
lensix ratingthree Congrats on getting top paid app.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard!
lentwo ratingfive Favorite keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive Try the new "swype" download for SwiftKey.
lennine ratingfive This is the only app I have ever bought.
leneighteen ratingfive I first downloaded the free trial but once that ran out, I had to have the full version.
lenseven ratingfive It predicts not only words but sentences.
lensixteen ratingthree Not a big deal for me but it looks bad when someone's watching my phone.
lenfive ratingfive The predictions are depressingly accurate.
lentwelve ratingfive The interface and special key layout are the best I've seen.
lentwelve ratingfour Easy to use, the more you use it the better it gets.
lenfive ratingfour Please fix! RAZR M, JB 4.1.1.
lenthirteen ratingfour EDIT: After several reboots and deleting app data, sk3 seems to be stable again.
lennineteen ratingfour Frustrating since I had to delete all of the learned suggestions, but it's back so I'm happy.
lenthirteen ratingfive Also very useful for polyglot people (no need to switch languages ever again)
lenseven ratingfive Hmmm.......Guess the app is that good
lenfive ratingtwo Stock keyboard, just as good.
lentwentyone ratingthree We waited months for 4.1 and it's impossible to tell how long it will take to get 4.2 especially for international users.
lentwentyeight ratingthree Everyone here paid good money for the app please look for a work around other then waiting for 4.2 to be released only then will I give it 5 stars.
lenfourteen ratingthree The two stars that are missing reflect developer involvement to solve a known issue.
leneight ratingfive So far above other keyboards its almost sad.
lenten ratingfour Couldn't ask for a more perfect look and feel.
lennineteen ratingfive I had such a hard time typing on my new gs3, because I am so used to a physical keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive I so I tried this out on a whim and it is amazing.
lentwenty ratingfive I I can type fast like a crazy person and it's like this thing knows what I'm thinking.
lennine ratingfive I best app I have ever purchased bar none.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I got this app on sale a while ago, and after using it for months, I honestly think I would have paid full price anyway.
lenfour ratingfive The best, excellent keyboard!!!
leneleven ratingfive I find everything about using the keyboard to type with brilliant.
leneight ratingfive You'll think how you ever lived without!
leneleven ratingfive Want to change your keyboard in different ways download this application.
lenfifteen ratingfive My favorite feature is that it detects when you don't hit the space bar.
lenten ratingfour I used to use swype but it was never accurate.
leneleven ratingfour This has made life so much easier and it's customizable!
lenten ratingfive I have fat fingers but could operate an iphone ok.
lenten ratingfive I switched to android and struggled with the stock keyboard.
lentwentyone ratingfive I was going to sell my soul back to apple but now thanks to this my soul remains owned by Google!
lenfour ratingfive I love this application
lentwentynine ratingfive Not only does it predict what I say from SMS & Gmail very well but I love the press & hold character feature, saves so much time instead OF switching screens.
lenthirteen ratingfive It predicts and Auto corrects so well I rarely press the wrong buttons.
lenseventeen ratingfive And the fact u can change the colour and it has pink, well fuschia, my favourite colour!!!
lenfive ratingfive I just love this keyboard.
lenten ratingfour I live in Hawaii and the language here is different
lenseven ratingfive The best keyboard I've ever used.
lenthree ratingfive Samsung Galaxy Note 2.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo Changed my mind, good to start with but you would think it gets better with time, in actual fact it's become quite annoying.
lennine ratingtwo Gets two stars because of the good theme options.
lentwelve ratingfive This keyboard is the best app I have ever spent money on.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the money.
lenfourteen ratingfive The predictive text always me to text much faster and more clearly than ever.
lentwelve ratingfive It has the most minor glitches but is still the perfect keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Completely worth the price
lensix ratingone This app was amazing in gingerbread!
lenseventeen ratingone It's really too bad because this is an amazing keyboard, but I'm unable to use :(.
leneight ratingfive Really saves time and corrects every typing error.
lentwenty ratingfive This keyboard is so good, really easy to use and keeps getting better as it learns the words you use.
lensix ratingfive Well worth upgrading after the trial.
lennine ratingfive Has nw been installed so happy nw Thank you
lenseven ratingfive So easy to set up and use.
leneleven ratingfive It's in a completely different league to the Samsung keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive This keyboard is awesome than the stock.
leneleven ratingfive It really improve my typing and suit my typing style.. Great!!
lennine ratingfive The default keyboards on my Note suffer from lag.
lenthirtythree ratingfive I bought this keyboard because I had heard great things about it and frankly was just tired of my default keyboards freezing up or the pop up letter being 2 or 3 key strokes behind.
lenseven ratingfive Buy this, you won't regret it.
lentwo ratingfive Thanks devs.
lentwelve ratingfive Awesome keyboard, one of the most innovative apps that I have seen.
lentwo ratingfive Rating 5 stars
lentwelve ratingfour Trumps the Moto Photon defaut, GO keyboard, and all other keyboard apps.
lenfour ratingfour Worth the few dollars.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingfive Do it a lot easier to type in and the prediction engine is amazing!
lentwentyone ratingfive I don't always use this keyboard, I much prefer Swype for one handed use when I'm on the go.
lennine ratingfive But SwiftKey is extremely useful for two handed use
lenfourteen ratingfive I downloaded this app hoping for an escape from the horrendous Galaxy S3 default keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive I got far more than I expected.
leneleven ratingfive I've had it about a month, and it's great.
lenseven ratingfive The auto correct in particular impresses me.
lenseventeen ratingfive I can type very fast without worrying at all and it'll get it right every time.
lentwentytwo ratingfive No loss of functionality (unless you liked Swype...  I didn't.), smooth interface, highly customizable, and it learns from your typing style.
lennine ratingfive I recommend this to all my android-using friends.
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth it.
lenfifteen ratingfive Multilingual support and amazing predictive ability (seriously -  sometimes I don't even need to type!).
leneighteen ratingfive I've been spoiled by SwiftKey - it just makes all other keyboards seem cumbersome and difficult to use.
lenfive ratingfive Worth every cent I paid!
lenfour ratingfive I love this app!
lentwentytwo ratingfive I recently got a Galaxy S3 and I thought I would never be able to type well on a touch screen... Until SwiftKey!
lentwentyfive ratingfive It makes it so much easier to type quickly and the predictive texting is really handy when I can't use two hands to type.
lenseventeen ratingfive It's saved me so much time and I have yet to notice a bug or glitch!
lennine ratingfive But as it is I am more than pleased.
leneleven ratingfive First app I load on any new Android including my Nexus 4.
lenfive ratingfive Especially like new Flow version.
lentwo ratingfive Great stuff.
lensixteen ratingfive My free trial ended and I used the stock on for about 30 minutes then purchased this.
leneleven ratingfive You have no idea what your missing this app is amazing.
lentwo ratingfive Great job!
lentwo ratingfive HTC ReZound
lentwo ratingfive Awesome keyboard!
lennine ratingfive Typing is fast and the auto correction is amazing.
lenten ratingfive They finally fixed most, if not all of the issue.
lensix ratingone Good app when it actually works.
lenfive ratingone Only happens with paid version!
lenfourteen ratingfour Well nothing more to say than that I love this keyboard a hell lot.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive This is the only keyboard that really works perfectly with android I've used almost all keyboards, with low and high rating in a search for a keyboard that makes my life easier and this is the one.
lensixteen ratingfive I bought a visa card just to download the full version and am happy with that.
leneleven ratingfive My typing skills on a smartphone were awful before this app.
lentwelve ratingfive I now I can type an error free message in a second.
lenthree ratingfive Deserves my comment!
lenfifteen ratingfive this keyboard is quicker to me than regular texting because the prediction is on point!
lentwentysix ratingfive and the community is pretty cool to submitting ideas and they can be voted up and considered, prime example "flow" ..even this beta keyboard is perfect.
lenthree ratingfive amazing work guys! -
lenfive ratingfive Galaxy nexus *Android Rev Hd 8.0.0*
lentwelve ratingfive This is the best keyboard available if you don't use Swype.
lenseven ratingfive Best android keyboard I've ever used.
lentwelve ratingfour It's sad to know your keyboard is more intelligent than you.
leneight ratingfour After all we paid 4 bucks for it right?
leneight ratingfive best keyboard I've ever used to type.
lenten ratingfive I've never types so fast in a touch keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive very smart and very fast with predictions. definitely a must download app!
lentwentyone ratingfive in my opinion its better than swype, it will be even better once SwiftKey flow comes out on gapp store. a+++
lenseven ratingfive You will not find a better keyboard!
lennine ratingfive It's amazing how predictions works with this app.
lenfourteen ratingfive I like to type fast and I hate to be lazy writing a text.
leneight ratingfive Absolutely this app help me with all features.
leneleven ratingfive Used it for a few days then purchased the full app.
leneighteen ratingone I was a big fan of this keyboard when I first purchased it, worked well, smooth and accurate.
lenfourteen ratingone I have contacted the developers about this problem and they were nothing but useless!
lenfifteen ratingone No help what so ever, they came off as if they did not believe me.
lentwentysix ratingone It is a real shame because the application had great potential but when developers do NOT keep up with bugs, it goes down hill very fast.
lenfourteen ratingone My default keyboard, is better than this and my default keyboard is absolute crap!
leneleven ratingfive I am 55 and tried different keyboards before but love this one.
lennine ratingfive Bought thumb keyboard before which I did not like.
lenten ratingfive This one improves my texting speed and less wrong letters.
lentwelve ratingfive I wish Google to purchase this one and keep as default keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingfive I used more then 5 apps for replacement of Swipe but SwiftKey has no competition.
lenfive ratingfive No words.. Simply the bestest
lenseventeen ratingfour I love this keyboard, it has ruined me for other mobile devices and even my pc keyboard.
lenten ratingfive This is the best keyboard I've used on Android.
lentwentyfour ratingfive My favorite feature is that the period, comma, exclamation mark, and question mark all share the same key (with the period key as primary).
lenseventeen ratingfive Numbers are available on their own alternate keyboard with a rich number of other symbols as well.
lensix ratingthree Especially if this application costs money.
lenthree ratingfive Definitely best keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive I am using both English and Turkish dictionaries and haven't seen any issue yet.
lenseven ratingfive Perfect prediction and very smooth to use
leneleven ratingfive It's a clever little app that makes typing a joy.
lennine ratingfive With great customisation available for you to choose from!
lenten ratingfive And also making it to fit your needs is great!
lensix ratingthree Could do better in that department
lenthirty ratingfive I didn't like the stock keyboard that my Galaxy S2 had at all, I tried the trail version of this app, and I just HAD to buy the Pro version!
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth it.
lentwo ratingfive Simply great.
lenseventeen ratingfive Typing on mobile always require a help and this help this time come from this excellent app.
lensix ratingfive The best keyboard for Android, period.
leneight ratingfive The predictions are so good, it's spooky.
lentwo ratingfive Galaxy Nexus.
lenthree ratingone Basically useless keyboard.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Best app I've ever bought hands down the original auto correct for me Samsung s3 is garbage this app is untouchable to the rest
lenthree ratingfour Otherwise not bad...
lennine ratingfour Samsung could learn a couple things from this keyboard.
lennine ratingfive This is a great keyboard, it works very well.
lensix ratingfive Worth the several bucks for sure!
leneighteen ratingfive Better than the ios keyboard this is well worth the money as more features eg different keyboard sizes.
lennine ratingfive Truely impressed and saves me time correcting my mistakes.
lennineteen ratingfive Also, if you mess up and lose a comment you were in the middle of, SwiftKey can remember it.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard I've ever used.
lenfourteen ratingfive It really is crazy how good it is at guessing what you're typing.
lenthirty ratingfive From a die hard swype user that was crushed when he got the DNA and saw how bad HTC's slide keyboard is, this is well worth your money. A++
lennineteen ratingfive Takes a few days to get used to, but an awesome tool once you get the hang of it!
lenfive ratingfour Great app. Reads my mind.
lentwentyone ratingfive This is the best keyboard app that I've have used especially when you are using this keyboard across multiple device
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny
lenten ratingfive It makes typing a lot easier great app very satisfied :)
leneleven ratingfive I never rate an app but this one I had to!
lentwentythree ratingfive The way its laid out is perfect and its the only keyboard iv found that has the numbers set up like a10 key pad.
lenfour ratingfive Kudos to the developer!!!!
lenseven ratingtwo Small issue, but annoying none the less.
lenfive ratingtwo Overall, great product for ICS.
lentwentyseven ratingthree I really like this keyboard it corrects spelling brilliantly the customisation is great though I think there could be a lot of things done to improve it.
leneleven ratingthree Though apart from these few annoyances it works flush and fulid.
lensix ratingthree Thanks alot guys worth the money.
leneight ratingthree (I am comparing it to the Samsung note 2)
lennine ratingfive Glad I got the paid version of this app.
lenseven ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey 3,youve been great to me.
lenseven ratingfive Moving up to your brother, SwiftKey Flow.
leneight ratingfive But now I think advantages outweigh that part.
lensixteen ratingfive The personalization, along with the word predicting is far better than I thought it would be!
lenseven ratingfive Best keyboard App that was ever created!!!
lenseven ratingfive The predictions keep getting better and better.
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard hands down.
lenthree ratingfive Love this app!!!
lennine ratingfive Yous guys should make a pink neon keyboard though
lenfive ratingfive I absolutely love this app.
lenten ratingfive It has made owning my phone so much more enjoyable.
leneight ratingfive Seriously, this is the best keyboard out there.
lensix ratingfive I suggest this app to everyone!
lentwo ratingfive Great predictions.
leneleven ratingfive Takes some getting used to but far superior to default keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive You don't need to switch languages which is v useful.
lenthree ratingfive Worth paying for.
lennine ratingfive One of the best keyboards in the play store.
lenseventeen ratingfive I rely on this so much because I type quick and make quite a few typo's!
leneight ratingfive I highly recommend this to every android user!
lenseven ratingfive I would be lost without swift key! :-)
lenten ratingtwo Auto correct was the whole reason why i bought swiftkey.
lenthree ratingfour Awesome prediction capabilities.
lenseven ratingfour Makes typing incredibly fast and hassle free!
lenfifteen ratingfive Tried them all (swype, HTC and Samsung default, cyanogenmod) and this one tops them all.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I just got this app to try it out because of all the incredible ratings, and I am astounded by how good it really is!
lennine ratingfive Easily the best replacement for the terrible galaxy s3 keyboard!
leneight ratingfive Hands down the best app on Google Play.
lensixteen ratingfive Swype wasn't my thing, but I can send texts at lightening speed thanks to SwiftKey.
leneight ratingfive It's easy to use and works perfectly.
lenfourteen ratingfive This app literally saves me so much time when it comes to my typing!
lenfive ratingfive Definitely recommend this to everyone
lenfive ratingfive Easy typing with one hand
lenseven ratingfive I changed phones and I missed it.
lentwo ratingfive Awesome app!
lenfourteen ratingfive I love this app most of the time it perdicts what im gonna say
lenfive ratingfive And amazing app for typing.
lensixteen ratingfive It gets better as you use it and your typing speed increases as it gets better.
lenfour ratingfour Well worth the purchase.
lenfive ratingfour I really like this keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Helps a lot!
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive I was ready to toss my Samsung S3 prior to discovering this keyboard.
lensix ratingfive Unreal auto correct capabilities and speed.
lenfour ratingone It's completely useless.
leneight ratingfive Much better predictability and customization than Samsung keyboard
lennine ratingfive Without this app, I would switch to the iPhone.
lentwenty ratingthree I can see this working for some people, but I couldnt type for the life of me on this keyboard.
lentwentyfour ratingthree Just switched from an iPhone 4S, so it may just take getting used to, but I have zero issues witht the standard Android keyboard FWIW.
lenfour ratingthree Overall just kinda meh
lennine ratingfour That's a feature I use all the time.
lenfive ratingfive The best typing experience ever.
lensix ratingfive I sell phones for a living.
lenthirty ratingfive And I've told EVERY and any customer that comes in and just isn't sure about a certain phone because of having issues with texting accuracy about SwiftKey keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive A response would be apprecia
leneight ratingthree Uninstalled although I bought it a year ago.
lentwentythree ratingfive Simply the best, the app's engine is simply amazing, can't wait for the next update with the included new Flow feature :)
lenfour ratingthree Otherwise a great app.
lenseven ratingfive Very efficient, best keyboard app out there.
lenfour ratingfive Well worth the money.
lenthirteen ratingfour So happy I found this app and then purchased it while on Sale.
lensix ratingfour Way better than the stock gs3 keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Probably the best App I have ever bought, Android or OIS...
leneleven ratingfive I generate whole texts with only ever pushing a few keys.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Intuitive responses that are so accurate, it makes me question if this App is actually programmed using Black Magic and Virgin Sacrifices...
lenfourteen ratingfive Gave the trial a go and found it far superior to the stock app.
lenseven ratingfive So I bought it, brilliant and intuitive.
lennine ratingfour This is a great improvement on the Android keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive I really love this keyboard!
lentwentyseven ratingfive I was a little hesitant about purchasing a keyboard to replace the stock keyboard in my Samsung Galaxy S III, but I am really glad I did!
lennine ratingfive This the best virtual keyboard in the Android world!
leneight ratingfour I'm kinda bored with the current ones :)
leneleven ratingfive By far the best typing app on the market hands down!
lenthirteen ratingfive You will never use anything else once you start to use this app.
lentwo ratingtwo App sucks.
leneleven ratingtwo Only thing good thing about it is the custom color options.
lenfour ratingtwo Motorola photon keyboard better.
lennine ratingtwo Had to switch to photon keyboard to use it.
lenfive ratingfive Really happy with this keyboard!
lentwo ratingtwo Wayyyy better.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended.
lenfourteen ratingfive Give it a little while and it can reduce your typing by a lot.
lennine ratingthree I'll gice it 5 star's when works again.
lenten ratingfive Really good keyboard & excellent predictive & autocorrect engine with this app!
lenten ratingfive Much more intuitive than the standard android keyboard & /or swype!
lensix ratingfive Hooked after just a few days!
lenthirteen ratingfive One of those apps you just install when you get a new device.
lensixteen ratingfive I've had it for 20 minutes and I already love it, can't wait for flow!
lenseven ratingfive Now after this update, SwiftKey deserve 5 stars
lensix ratingfive Please fix ASAP, love this keyboard!
lenfour ratingone I switched to AnySoftKeyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Keyboard on android ;-)
leneight ratingfive buy this app five stars worth every penny.
lenfour ratingfive Super easy and simple.
lensixteen ratingfive This is my favorite app and it works very well with the exception of one thing.
lensixteen ratingfive I just installed Swiftkey Flow Beta and it also works swimmingly but with the same caveat.
leneight ratingfive Now this is what you call an app.
leneight ratingfive Fantastic,have made my life heck lot easier.
lenthirteen ratingfive Typing was never so easy nor fun, but thank to developer, it is.
lennine ratingfive Messaging, email, chatting they all are so good now.
lenfifteen ratingfive Would recommend it to everybody, jus buy and leave that one pizza for a day.
lenfour ratingfive U won't regret.
lentwelve ratingfive A request to Google, please incorporate this in the next android update.
lenfourteen ratingfive If there's only one app you need to buy, this is definitely it.
leneighteen ratingthree So, I downloaded the trial app and fell in love with this setup over my factory SIII keyboard.
leneleven ratingthree I used until trial period ran out, then purchased the app.
leneight ratingthree Downloaded to make life easier, not so much.
lennine ratingfive Have been using it for the past one year.
lenthirteen ratingfive The latest version, makes it the best keyboard in the market right now.
leneleven ratingfive Proven again why you chaps are the best in the market.
leneight ratingfive Typing with pleasure, should be your new motto.
lenthree ratingfive Great work guys.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard App
lentwenty ratingfive This keyboard just keeps getting better and better, if you are debating the purchase, I can't recommend this enough.
leneighteen ratingfive It has the most customization compared to any of the other ones I have tried (Swift, Stock, Hackers...)
lenseven ratingfive Well worth whatever price they are asking.
leneight ratingtwo ...but after last update it's total crap!
leneighteen ratingtwo I'm using Croatian layout and we used to have Croatian letters underneath regular i.e. long press.
lenseventeen ratingtwo If you can't fix this (that ? is under c, ? is under z, etc) please refund me.
lentwelve ratingtwo I'm sorry for one star, but this is completely your fault.
lensix ratingone Even in this version without flow.
lensix ratingone Now this app becomes completely useless.
lenfour ratingfive First, flow is amazing.
lentwo ratingfive Great job.
leneighteen ratingfive One thing I'm confused on how to do is write words like 'too' using the flow method.
leneleven ratingfive Every time I try it comes out with only one 'o'.
lentwenty ratingfive I've tried moving my finger in circles on the O key but I can't get it to work.
leneight ratingfive Anyone found a way to solve this problem???
lennine ratingfive Its really annoying and it's my only complaint!
lenten ratingfive Been using this keyboard for ages, best keyboard on Android.
lenfourteen ratingfive I was skeptical that this could learn from previous texts,  but it really does.
lenthirteen ratingfive Even silly terms that I use with family members are picked up on.
lenseventeen ratingfive Great replacement to the stock keyboard, love the predictions it saves a lot of typing for me.
lensix ratingfive I would kill for this keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is simply the best keyboard on android, and the new flow is even better.
lenseventeen ratingfive The default keyboard on my phone is alright, but a friend told me to try this out.
lentwelve ratingfive It is much better than the standard keyboard on my Xperia S.
lensixteen ratingfive The auto correct is a god send and the predictions can make some pretty good sentences.
lennine ratingfive Worth the small price tag for a great app.
lentwelve ratingfive Don't think I can ever use another on screen keyboard again
lenthirteen ratingthree It auto corrects when I think it should have already learnt a word.
leneleven ratingfive I was a Droid 2 Global user, because of the "real" keyboard...
lensix ratingfive And switched to a virtual one...
lenfourteen ratingfive It was terrible, as i have big thumbs, and kept typing the wrong letters...
lenfive ratingfive Swiftkey saved my cellphone experience!
lennine ratingfive This is the absolute best keyboard I've tried!!!
lenfifteen ratingfour The only thing stopping this keyboard being the perfect Android keyboard are these two issues.
leneight ratingfive Tried it, liked it, bought it, love it.
lenten ratingfive It's like I never gave up my full keyboard
lentwo ratingfive Simply amazing!!!
lentwelve ratingfour It's a great keyboard, and the upcoming Flow option is great!
lennine ratingfour Not the worst or unbearable, but just not great.
leneleven ratingfour The Flow line looks very nice, almost looks out of place
lenfourteen ratingfive Ok so I'm an avid Swype guy but love SwiftKey's predictive text.
lenseven ratingfive The beta of Flow is truly brilliant.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Being able to mix multiple languages so easily together with the great and accurate predictions makes this my favourite app on Android, hands down.
lensix ratingfive Keep up the great work guys!
lentwo ratingfive Amazing application.
lennine ratingfive The very best keyboard app i've ever used
leneight ratingfive This is an excellent choice for a keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey
lenseven ratingfour Not going to lie, should be 5 stars.
lenfourteen ratingfive This app my texts have immediately improved I am amazed by the word predictions.
lenfive ratingfive I was a iphone user.
lenten ratingfive In the past two weeks I've could easily switch!
lenseven ratingfive Worth every penny when the trial ended!
lentwentyone ratingfive Prediction is the best and does not try to correct most text lingo when you need a message to be short!
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard, period.
lentwelve ratingfive Awesome keyboard I don't think that there is a better keyboard.
lensixteen ratingfive Just downloaded SwiftKey Flow Beta as I've use and loved SwiftKey for a long time.
lenfive ratingfive It's swype for SwiftKey.
lenfifteen ratingfive I was never into swiping until Armando on YouTube used it in his android tutorials.
leneight ratingfive Picked this up and I'm in love.
lennine ratingfive I love SwiftKey and I definitely love SwiftKey Flow!
lentwo ratingfive Great app.
lenfive ratingfive The flow beta is fantastic!
lenthirteen ratingfive I'm typing five times as fast as normal with barely any mistakes.
lenthree ratingfive Great job guys!
lentwo ratingfive Great app
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard available.
leneight ratingfive Love the new swipe feature in the beta!
lentwo ratingfive Constantly improving.
lentwentyfive ratingfive The default Samsung Galaxy S3 keyboard was driving me crazy - I was making tons of typos everywhere, much more so than when I had an iPhone.
lenten ratingfive Since switching to SwiftKey 3, all those typos are history \o/
leneight ratingfour It makes typing so much easier to type.
lennine ratingfour I haven't seen any keyboards with that yet.
leneleven ratingfour My girlfriend is taiwanese and she uses my phone a lot.
lenfourteen ratingfive Love swift key best keyboard I've ever used and I've tried tons!
lentwentytwo ratingfive Took a bit to get used to the slider but I don't even notice anymore and LOVE the new pink theme!....
lenfour ratingfive Freakishly accurate at times.
lentwelve ratingfive I'm really looking to the flow update to go with it.
lentwo ratingfive Great app.
lensix ratingfive Way better than the default keyboard
lenseven ratingfive Much better than the standard Samsung keyboard!!
lennine ratingfive Predictive text works a lot better and more efficiently.
lenten ratingfive Best keyboard I've used, and it learns super fast!
leneighteen ratingfive I also like the fact that it includes arrows for easy navigation through the text I've typed.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I had heard good things about it from other people, but it has been waaaay better than I expected it to be.
lenten ratingfive Works better than all the other keyboards I've used.
lenseven ratingfive I'm now using the Flow beta.
lenfifteen ratingfive I bought this app last night and I've already bought it for two friends.
lenten ratingfive As others have said, the predictive text is amazingly accurate.
lensixteen ratingfive Before using SwiftKey 3, I cursed the "auto-text / auto-speller" on every phone I've owned.
lentwelve ratingfive Also, the shortcuts for entering punctuation and emoticons are big time-savers.
lenthirteen ratingfive And so far, the voice-to-text feature has been just as great.
leneight ratingfive Maybe the best $4 I've spent in years.
lennine ratingfive No other keyboard even comes close to this one.
lenfourteen ratingfive Tried living without it for a few days, but I gotta have it back.
lenseven ratingfive Personally, its thebest keyboard in the market!
lensix ratingfive Keep up th good work devs!
lennine ratingfive Easily one of the best keyboards I've used!
lenfive ratingone I paid for this app.
lennine ratingone I would give it negative stars if I could
lenfive ratingfive This is an amazing app.
lentwelve ratingfive I am now writing my books on my phone because of this.
lenseven ratingfour I can type so much faster now.
lentwenty ratingfive I was skeptical at first but this is by far the fastest and most accurate keyboard I have EVER used.
lennine ratingfive I wish I would have bought this long ago.
lenfive ratingfive The prediction is spot on.
lenfifteen ratingfive I came from an iOS background and dealt with that horrendous typing experience for years.
lenfourteen ratingfive Then I got an android phone, and I was impressed with the stock keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive This, however, blows stock out of the water and into the frying pan.
lentwentyeight ratingfive The word suggestions are by far the best feature (and it actually works, unlike autocorrect) but being able to long-tap for extra characters is really useful too.
lentwo ratingfive Truly awesome.
lenseven ratingfour By far the best keyboard on Android.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Google needs to put in a bid for this company.
lenseven ratingfive Seriously, make this a permanent Android feature.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive It's saved me over 100,000 keystrokes since installation earlier this year.
lenthree ratingfive Highly recommend this.
leneighteen ratingfour Can't wait for swiftkey flow... swype typing is coming and from this developer it'll be great
lenten ratingone I paid 4$ for this app less then a month ago.
lensix ratingone They should refund people's money.
lentwelve ratingone 25 cent sell, slap in the face to all that paid full price.
lennine ratingfive This app makes testing fun and not a hassle.
lensixteen ratingfive The app appears to be reading my mind about the next words I want to type.
lentwentyfive ratingone I had this the Editor's Choice version of this app installed on the Samsung Galaxy Note i717 running Ice Cream Sandwich and it worked beautifully.
lennine ratingone Yesterday I bought the Samsung Galaxy Note II (SGH-1317).
lentwentyone ratingone I have tried installing and uninstalling this app on my new phone since I bought it yesterday afternoon with no luck.
leneight ratingone However, my network connection is working just fine.
lentwentythree ratingone I tried every app on the phone that requires a network connection to see if there was a problem on any other app.
lenten ratingone I even tried watching an episode of something on Netflix.
lennineteen ratingone When I had this app installed on my Samsung Galaxy Note i717, I would easily have given it five stars.
lennine ratingone I hope the problem will be fixed very soon.
lenfive ratingone Swiftkey, please comment or advise.
lenthirteen ratingfive You're a very good app SwiftKey, but I had to uninstall you.
lenseven ratingfive I'm leaving you for SwiftKey flow!
leneight ratingfive Quite simply the fastest and best keyboard available
lentwentytwo ratingfive Was sceptical that this new keyboard could do anything that my stock keyboard couldn't and the price tag did not help.
lensixteen ratingfive I am quite surprised at this app, well pleased and 100x better than the stock android keyboard.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive This is a great keyboard though I hope they make people who brought this upgrade to swift key flow for free since I'm now using the beta version and I am loving it now...
lenfortytwo ratingfive I am crap at spelling and grammar and this does it all for me is learning how I speak in txt and my txt, emails are getting faster and faster this app is the dogs bollocks and worth every penny and more
lenfourteen ratingfive Just tried out the beta flow version of this app and I am pleased.
lenten ratingfive Can't wait for it to come out of beta.
lentwelve ratingfive Gonna be the best keyboard in the play store without a doubt
lennine ratingfive Great app, much better keyboard than Samsung's effort.
lenseventeen ratingfive It's like an improved keyboard from my old HTC Desire, which was hard to fault anyway.
lentwentyone ratingfive Had a little trouble upgrading from the trial but I got a swift response (5 minutes!) in my email which sorted everything.
lenthree ratingfive 5 stars well deserved.
lenfive ratingfive Cool its a great app
lenseventeen ratingfive When I return to my desktop, iOS devices, anything else, I want the auto-completion SwiftKey provides.
lenfive ratingthree It's elementary and ridiculous.
lenfive ratingthree I don't like it.
lennine ratingfive So I downloaded and bought Swiftkey3 and I love it.
lentwentyfour ratingfive I just downloaded Swift key flow and it is amazing if it gets good reviews and can buy it I highly recommend you do
lenfour ratingfive Anything else is ok.
leneight ratingfive Worth the low price and I'm cheap
lenfive ratingfour Best keyboard out there Imo.
leneleven ratingone Used to be the best - now stock us better and quicker.
lennine ratingfive It's actually the best keyboard currently for Android.
lenseven ratingfive Much much better than the original keyboard.
lensixteen ratingfive I can completely misspell a word and it figure out what it's supposed to be.
lenthirteen ratingfive This is hands down the greatest keyboard on a phone iv ever used.
lentwelve ratingfive Otherwise I'm never typing wth anything else ever again haha cheers..
lenfifteen ratingfive At first, I had a difficult time in learning about, how to type with this.
lentwentyeight ratingfive But after going through with the settings, I saw that there is an option to let this software read through my sms', emails', tweets' content, and identify patterns.
lenthirteen ratingfive Now I don't have to type, 'Honey,  I'm on my way'.
lenthirteen ratingfive I just have to type, hon and honey with capital letters H appears.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive I just have to tap on it, and one by one other wordings of I'm on my way home appears, and all I have to do then is, tap on each of them.
lensixteen ratingfive No longer will I be making ridiculous typos like in the title of the this review!
lenthirteen ratingfive Only been using this app for a day but I'm VERY impressed!
leneighteen ratingfive I've never typed so fast on a phone before and I've got a lot of practice!
lensix ratingfive Wish I had bought this earlier!
lenthree ratingthree Feels sluggish sometimes...
leneight ratingone Holy hwll this is more annoying than anything.
lenseven ratingfive By far the best keyboard app ever!
lentwentyone ratingfive Coming from a full qwerty slider, this app has relieved most of my annoyance with having to type on a touchscreen.
lennineteen ratingfive Its ability to make predictions for several languages simultaneously is a big deal, and missing in most competing products.
lennine ratingthree This is a brilliant app for predicting words etc....
lennineteen ratingfive This app is a must have I make sure I have it installed on every android phone I get.
lensix ratingfive Always remembers everything i wrote before
lennine ratingfour It's so awesome how well the prediction is.
lensixteen ratingfour In fact, you can get rid of the keys altogether and just have one big pad.
leneight ratingfour We all know what the keyboard layout is.
lensix ratingfive Much better than any stock keyboard.
leneighteen ratingfive Its prediction and auto correct are much better than any other keyboard I've used, stock or not.
lenten ratingfive But I'm still going to rate this keyboard 5 stars.
lennineteen ratingfive It's simply the best keyboard around and I love that you can change themes, keeps everything feeling fresh.
lenfifteen ratingfive I heard 4.1.2 update fixes the default keyboard issue so I'll just have to wait.
lensix ratingfive I'm astounded by this app.
lenseven ratingfive Love this keyboard, my Samsung keyboard sucks
lentwo ratingfour Great app.
leneleven ratingfive Best keyboard on the app store, unparalleled accuracy for the prediction
lenthree ratingfive A wonderful keyboard.
lentwenty ratingfive I come from iOS and the predictions and word completions for their keyboards and their dictionary is second to none.
lenten ratingfive SwiftKey however is rapidly approaching and is a wonderful transition.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the buy!
lenfive ratingfour No comment at this time
lensixteen ratingfive For a moment i cheated on you with Go Keyboard.. but came back crawling to you.
leneight ratingfive I love you pumpkin, you are the best
lensixteen ratingfive As soon as I upgraded from my old incredible this was the first app I reinstalled.
lenseven ratingfive Best keyboard you can have no doubt.
lenten ratingfour I like this keyboard, it really learns how I write.
lenten ratingfour That is the most, second only to "Settings" with 44 MB.
leneighteen ratingfour The next closes one is Lookout with 14 MB, just about half of what SwiftKey uses, both while idle.
lentwenty ratingfour I know there should be a lot of RAM left on most modern phone, but that is not my point.
lensixteen ratingfour I have other app I rarely use, but they still use RAM for no apparent reason.
lentwentyseven ratingfour I uninstall them, I don't want to uninstall SwiftKey, but the native keyboard is catching up with SwiftKey and would have RAM usage on my phone.
leneight ratingfour Everything else about the SwiftKey keyboard is great.
lenfourteen ratingfour For most people how only istall a few Apps SwiftKey is a must install.
lenfourteen ratingfour I am not like most people, I try and use a lot of apps.
lensixteen ratingfour Most people don't notice it, but if you do, it really starts to bug you!
lenfifteen ratingfive ...feature then I may return but since GS3 JB update enabled Swype keyboard using that instead.
leneight ratingfive Other than that it's an awesome keyboard!!
lensix ratingfour This is a really convenient app--
lenten ratingfour I was getting super frustrated with my Samsung S3s auto type.
lentwentytwo ratingfour This saved me so much typing, it remembers your word patterns so that it can even guess whole sentences word by word!
leneleven ratingfour I love when apps know me, and spell how I spell =)
leneighteen ratingfour Now that I have a tablet, I wish I didn't have to pay extra for that, too...
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard in the market
lenthree ratingfive Very nice keyboard....
leneleven ratingfive Does a better job than any other keyboard I've tried....
leneight ratingfour Even ICS and JB stock keyboards do this.
leneighteen ratingfour I never buy apps and bc of how great the trial version was i bought the full version.
lennine ratingthree A very good keyboard and the prediction is excellent.
lenfourteen ratingthree It is good but I feel like typing should be flawless on a keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Simply superb.
lennine ratingfive Easy to use and makes typing so much quicker.
lenten ratingfive Oh, and you can't do this on an iPhone!
lentwelve ratingfive But I seriously can't wait till Swift key Flow comes out!!!
leneleven ratingfour Not perfect, but I miss it when it's not installed...
lenfourteen ratingfive I don't hate typing on my phone as much as I used to.
lensix ratingfive This is my personal favorite keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive The prediction is amazing.
lenfour ratingfive Simply the best keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Switched from slideit.
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth it.
lenthirteen ratingfive And you can use different dictionaries without having to switch the whole time!
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended.
lenthirteen ratingfive I love this keyboard I will never use another crappie android keyboard again!
lenthree ratingfive No issues whatsoever.
lenseventeen ratingfive If you come from iOs, you know the day and night different between the two stock keyboards.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Android keyboard is suck but I can assure u that this keyboard will make your life on Android phone a lot better.
lenthree ratingfive Truly great keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive The predictions are stunningly accurate.
lentwelve ratingfive My favourite feature is that it can handle more than one language.
lenfive ratingfive No need to switch manually.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard i've used.
lenseven ratingfive It predicts what I want to write.
lenfifteen ratingfive Plus it's really useful to write using with different languages at the same time!
leneighteen ratingthree This app used to be great, it would accurately predict when I was typing all over the place.
lenseven ratingfive 100x better than the default keyboard for Android
lentwentyone ratingfive I hated my keyboard when I went from s2 to s3 but after downloading I have a new love for my phone again. :-)
lenfour ratingfive thanks a must download.!
lenseven ratingfive At first I regretted making the switch.
lenfour ratingfive The s3 keyboard is garbage.
lenfifteen ratingfive With this keyboard its beast, text just like I phone and super easy to use.
lenten ratingfive It makes you coherent when otherwise you wouldn't be.
lennineteen ratingfive The best at predictions beating Android native because it adds and learns new words automatically rather than manual adding.
lenten ratingfive Predictions surprisingly accurate based on historic usage of words together.
lenthree ratingfive Worth the money.
lenthree ratingfive Lots of options.
leneighteen ratingfive Just gone from Galaxy SII to Note II and it helps to be able to adjust key height.
lentwentyeight ratingfive By the way for the review saying you can't remove words that you don't use, you can by long pressing and clicking remove on the predictions
lenseventeen ratingfive Defiantly would recommend this keyboard to anyone that would like to be more effective typing on touchscreens.
leneighteen ratingfive Very small problems when compared to this amount of effort and time that this keyboard has saved me.
lenten ratingfive It is an excellent app, and it learns really quickly..
lenten ratingfive it looks good, and gives your keyboard a nice finish..
lentwo ratingfive worth buying
lentwentytwo ratingfive I've been using this for over a year, and of all the apps I use, this is probably the most essential.
lenten ratingfive Its an awesome keyboard to replace the built in ones
lenfour ratingfive Finally I could text.
lenthree ratingfive Love the keyboard!
lenseven ratingfive Now I'm just waiting on FLOW!
lenfive ratingfive Can't wait for Flow!
lensix ratingfive Love this app on my note 2
lentwenty ratingfive I'm not a typer but this app makes me look like I've been doing it all my life.
lentwo ratingfive Great app.
lennine ratingfive Had the free version loaded for about a month.
lenseven ratingfive It only made my typing more efficient.
lentwentyone ratingfive They have stats in the app to illustrate the improvement - but it's not too hard to see on your own.
leneight ratingfive But it does it's job freakishly well.
lenfour ratingfive Well worth the keesh.
lentwentyone ratingfive it just works, I don't even have to press the space button and it still knows what I'm saying!
lenfour ratingfive The theme is awesome
lenseven ratingfive Awesome auto correct, fast to type on.
lenfive ratingfive Reliable and easy to use.
lenfive ratingfive Can't wait for flow
lenfive ratingfive Release swift key flow alreadyyyyyy!
lentwelve ratingone No where near as accurate as they fake it in the video.
lenseventeen ratingone One of the first things they teach you about Android is to look at permissions for apps.
lenfifteen ratingone This is true for both malicious apps and legitimate apps that could cause security concerns.
lensixteen ratingone The trade off for this security concern is text prediction no better than any other keyboard.
lensix ratingone Be smart and avoid this one.
leneighteen ratingfour I have had this keyboard in he past and have yet to find another quite like this one.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo It's well known that it's a poor business practice to make your existing customers suddenly pay more to use an existing product.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Suddenly charging existing customers for use on tablets smacks of lousy business acumen.
lenfifteen ratingfive I've been using this for a fair few months now and it's fantastic!
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommend.
lentwelve ratingfive I can write whole texts pretty much by just typing one word!
lennine ratingfour Doesn't happen in other keyboards on the market :-(
lenfour ratingfive For the support team.
leneleven ratingfive Very kind and accurate, I have really appreciate the quick answer.
lenfourteen ratingfive The keyword is awesome, makes me feel like I speak languages I don't ;)
lensix ratingthree Which is already became sms replacement....
lenfourteen ratingfive Truly changes the way my android device handles my typing styles on various formats.
lensix ratingfive Other than that, a superb app!
lenthree ratingfive Money well spent!
lentwelve ratingfive The best taxting apps on the market I recommend this to everyone.
lenthirty ratingfive I haven't used this keyboard for that long but it feels like I have been missing out all this time when I was using the other third party keyboards.
lenseventeen ratingfive Since using this app it haven't changed a phrase that I use to something completely different.
lenfourteen ratingfive Keep up the good work because I'm happy that I purchased this app.
lennine ratingfour I love how accurite it is when I type.
lenseventeen ratingfour I'm a rapid texter and this is so much better than the stock keyboard from Android.
lennine ratingfour I have the Galaxy Nexus, with the AOKP ROM.
lenfour ratingfive Better than factory installed.
lensix ratingfive Finally a keyboard that suits me!
lenthree ratingfive Thank you! Brilliant!
lenseven ratingfive I highly recommend it this to anyone.
leneleven ratingfive Works much better than the pre installed keyboard on my galaxy s3.
lenfour ratingfive Persian language ia awesome.
lenthree ratingfive Hi Persians (Iranians) ;-)
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Freekishly accurate!!
lenfourteen ratingfive My friends couldn't believe that everything came out 100 percent accurate when typing like.
lenfourteen ratingfour Google voice input enters al words correctly but hardly inserts any fullstop or comma.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is the best keyboard I have found on here and I have had many!
lensixteen ratingfive Using the 'pumpkin' theme at the moment as it is the closest one to my theme:)
lenfour ratingfive So worth the money!!
lennine ratingfive It's like it knows what I'm thinking.
lenten ratingfive The corrections are even more accurate than the iPhone keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Love the 10 key too!
lenfour ratingfive Freakishly accurate at times.
lentwelve ratingfive I'm really looking to the flow update to go with it.
lenfourteen ratingfive Had my Android 3 years now and this is the first app I've purchased.
lenseven ratingfive This should illustrate how great it is.
lenthree ratingone Makes no sense.
leneight ratingone Company could care less about adding real functionality.
lensixteen ratingone Feature requests for real functionality sit and collect dust while fluff skinning type ones get done.
leneight ratingone Thank God I got it for a dime.
leneight ratingfive It almost seems like it reads your mind.
lenfifteen ratingfive This keyboard does everything and can be modified to look and feel how you want!
lentwelve ratingfive This must be the first app installed on every DROID world wide
lenten ratingone I am sick of how paid users are being treated.
lentwenty ratingone Yes you may have made my money, but rest assure I will never ever recommend this app to anyone else.
lentwentyfour ratingone And to all other who is considering getting this app, if you like to be ignored then this is the right app for you.
lensix ratingfive I really like this keyboard app
lentwelve ratingfive I've tried so many and always come back to this one.
lenten ratingfive And here they are with Swiftkey Flow around the corner.
leneight ratingfive The future is very bright for this company.
leneleven ratingfour I can live without it but would be a nice addition
lenthree ratingfive Love the keys
lenfifteen ratingfive This is the only app I've ever bought and the only keyboard I use
lentwentyfour ratingfive After blasting a previous version of this app which had major usability glitches, I have to say that this is now my favourite keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Being in Montreal, I switch between French and English constantly.
lenthirteen ratingfive Swiftkey runs both languages simultaneously so I don't actually have to switch...
lenfifteen ratingfive it knows which language I'm typing in and corrects or suggests the appropriate word.
lennine ratingfive What's amazing is how accurate the predictions are.
lenfifteen ratingfive In the near totality of cases, the suggested or corrected word is the right one.
lenthirteen ratingfive The keyboard does vibrate, it's in the settings in SwiftKey (haptic feedback) .
leneleven ratingfive I've had SwiftKey for 2 yrs now and still love it!
lensix ratingone People have been saying this forever.
lenseven ratingone Fix it, and you'll have 5 stars.
lensix ratingtwo Please fix, it's getting annoying**
lennine ratingtwo Other than that, this is the best keyboard app
lenfive ratingfive Best typing app out there.
lenfifteen ratingfive What can I say but with smartphones being so small I could never type right.
lenfourteen ratingfive Now i barley have to since swift key3 was downloaded it basically types for me
lenthree ratingthree Great alternative keyboard.
lenten ratingfive I have the Galaxy S3 and the only flaw is text.
lentwelve ratingfive I have huge fingers and swipe doesn't work well for me.
lenseven ratingfive I was forced to hunt and peck.
lenten ratingfive Now I text just as fast as my teenage niece!
lenfive ratingfive Well worth the four bucks.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard app out there.
lentwentythree ratingfive This app is amazing work perfect only have to type like two letters and it already knows what I'm going to say.
lensix ratingfive Download it you'll love it!
lenfour ratingfive Anyway,  best 4$ spent ever!
lenten ratingone Will reverie my rating and comment once it's launched
lenfour ratingthree Not worth the money.
leneight ratingthree The predictive typing is awesome and surprisingly accurate.
lensixteen ratingthree I'm much faster on the normal keyboard and I'd rather just use that one.
lensixteen ratingthree I could see how some people would find this useful though and it DOES save keystrokes.
lenten ratingfive Works perfectly on Note 2.... makes typing much easier and faster!
lentwelve ratingthree I really liked this app before when I had the trial version.
lenfour ratingthree worked like a charm.
lensixteen ratingthree then ai bought it and all of a sudden the app sometimes doesn't even work.
lennine ratingthree its not worth all the money I paid anymore.
lenseven ratingthree fix this problem and ill rate 5 stars.
leneight ratingthree its frustrating for it to only work Sometimes.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive I haven't used this keyboard in awhile due to being satisfied with the jellybean keyboard on my galaxy nexus, however since getting the RAZR M I've started to look for alternative and stopped at SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive Can't wait for SwiftKey flow.
lenten ratingfive Swiftkey...what a great app that works like a charm
lenten ratingone Otherwise it's a big step back from SwiftKey X.
lenthirteen ratingone A truly fantastic program has been rendered just another app with with bugs.
lenseven ratingfive The best Android keyboard out there, period.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Within two months this thing had learned the way I type so well, that it can even when rather drunk, my texts make sense!
leneight ratingfour The keyboard sputtered and word prediction is amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfour At the same time however it's marred by it's prediction service at the same time.
lentwelve ratingfour In the meantime I will be using Swype and the stock keyboard.
lentwentyeight ratingfive Probably the last worry on my mind when I was so use to texting on my iphone was how I would be able to text on my android.....
lentwentyfour ratingfive I've been using this keyboard since I brought this phone, have done trying tons of keyboard and still, return to this every time.
lentwo ratingfive Otherwise, perfect!
lensix ratingfive Looking forward to trying swiftkey flow!
lensix ratingone Gets hang a lot of time.
lensix ratingone Provide an update for the issue.
lenten ratingfour I would've gave it 5 stars but I can't.
leneight ratingfive Would definitely use the free trial before purchasing.
lenfour ratingfive Recommend to all S3 users!
leneight ratingfour Very good keyboard, even better than ics keyboard.
lenfour ratingfour Overall very good keyboard.
lennineteen ratingfive After getting the GSIII I was a little bit unhappy with the stock Samsung keyboard and predictive text capabilities.
lentwelve ratingfive Without a doubt this new SwiftKey keyboard met and exceeded my requirements.
lenfifteen ratingfive It has made me "50%" more efficient and saved me "4000 keystrokes" in less than two months.
lenfifteen ratingfive I will highly recommend it to anyone with a new phone and/or clumsy fingers.
lenfifteen ratingfive Plus the endless personalization, themes, and colors put it over the top in my mind.
lenseven ratingone Really crappy job thinking about the user.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo This is one of the highest (3rd) rated suggestions on your feedback/feature requests website and has been for well over a year.
lennine ratingtwo Instead you seem more interested in creating more themes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo When this gets implemented, I'd be more then happy to give 5 stars.
lenseventeen ratingfive I just downloaded this app and it's great it has yet to predict the wrong word.
lensixteen ratingfive Please give it a try and don't be afraid to get creative with your words
lenfiftyseven ratingfive I have been using this app for a few days, writing this review with it, and it is nice to use very accurate and much better than the original swype keypad, and the best part is I can actually have spaces rather than catching comas all the time, cso I rate this app five stars, and thanks. :)
lenseven ratingone Why did I pay for this rubbish?
lenfour ratingfive Helps me type faster
lensix ratingfive HTC one x+, love this keyboard.
leneighteen ratingfive I was hesitant to buy a keyboard but this thing blows the native keyboard out of the water!
lennine ratingfive Just gets better the more you use your phone.
leneight ratingfive Don't hesitate you won't regret it!
lenfive ratingfive This app is crazy amazing.
lentwelve ratingfive I use it all the time (obviously) and it's really accurate.
lenfive ratingfive Looking forward to SwiftKey Flow.
lenthree ratingfive Definitely worth it
lenthirteen ratingfive It use to lag like crazy for me, but now it preforms amazing!
lennine ratingfive The record for predicting words was 8 in a row!
lenthirteen ratingfive At first the predictions were way off, but now they are dead on!
lentwo ratingfive Amazing keyboard!
lenseven ratingfive Much better then the stock text input
leneighteen ratingthree Good keyboard, Portuguese is outdated and dev charges separately for tablet version, still best keyboard on the market.
lensix ratingone I miss my iphone spell check.
lenfour ratingfive Absolutely love this keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Wouldn't use anything else!
lentwenty ratingfive I got it when I had my HTC evo 3d, and now I have the galaxy note 2 and it is awesome!
lenseven ratingfive I won't have any other keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lenthirteen ratingfive The app is great, way better of a keyboard than the ICS keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive With the latest update the voice recognition is the latest version!
lenfour ratingfive App is almost perfect.
leneight ratingfive Works well and like it is supposed it
lenfourteen ratingfive This is a great enhancement over the default Samsung app installed in the phone.
lentwenty ratingfive Easiest keyboard to use and has logical predictions to use and a decent auto correct that will spell words correctly!
lentwelve ratingfour This is by far the best third party keyboard on the market.
lennineteen ratingfour I was a Swyper for a long time, but bugs (and a sale price) had me check out SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfour Otherwise this would be five stars.
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard hands down.
lenthirteen ratingfive The accuracy and predictions are awesome; they even come up in other languages.
lenten ratingfive When I got my Samsung S3 I basically gave up texting....
lenfour ratingfive the keyboard really sucks.
leneight ratingfive This app has me back in communication again.
lensix ratingfive Most of my friends are glad.
lenthree ratingfive Love this app.
leneleven ratingfive It's by far one of the best for Android devices.
leneleven ratingfive Beats the crap out of the go keyboard free bee app
lentwelve ratingthree With both of these it would be awesome & would then earn 5 stars...
lennine ratingfive I absolutely love the word predictions this app shows.
lenfifteen ratingfive Almost all the time,  it would show the next word I was planning to type.
lenfourteen ratingfive Thank you for your hard work and I look forward to your next update.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny!
lentwelve ratingone As in how long do we THE PAYING CUSTOMERS HAVE TO WAIT!??
leneight ratingone I'M ABOUT TO UN INSTALL REAL QUICK.
lenseven ratingfive This app means a lot to me.
lenseventeen ratingfive I alpha tested this app and the reason I liked it then is still the case now.
lenthirty ratingfive This app has gone through some visual and back end changes, but since the beginning and current it does great with predicting the next word that you want to input.
lensix ratingfive It is accurate next to none.
lentwentythree ratingfive It has a great look and awesome development and innovation with this keyboard that I can say I haven't seen anywhere else.
lenthirteen ratingfour I love this keyboard and it beats my phone's default one anyday!
lennine ratingfour It has a smooth and great interface as well.
lenten ratingone Not like English keyboard English keyboard has an excellent size
lensix ratingfive My favourite keyboard on he market.
lentwelve ratingfive Had it on my Samsung Admire, and it was great on that.
lenfive ratingfive On the Galaxy S3 its amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfive It's allows me to half-a** typing on my phone as it remembers what I type.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard I've ever used.
lensixteen ratingfive It predicts words wonderfully and makes typing a lot more intuitive than on my stock keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive You can seriously type gibberish and this will get it right.
leneight ratingfour Strange, no one else is seeing this issue.
lennine ratingfour Nevertheless the stars for its great word prediction feature
leneight ratingtwo Dear friends this application is not for us.
lentwelve ratingtwo I have downloaded by mistake and now I am not using it.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Otherwise in regards to function it is same as android sans themes and colours.
leneight ratingfive There is nothing that really compares to SwiftKey.
lenten ratingfive It is super responsive and fairly accurate with its prefiticitons.
leneleven ratingfive Highly recommended this application if you're searching for an alternative.
lenthree ratingfive Definitely worth it!
lenfourteen ratingfive Only problem I have now is that I reply super fast to text lol...
lenfour ratingfive I love this app..
lenseven ratingfive I have to switch back to portrait.
lennine ratingthree When I first purchased this keyboard, I loved it.
lennine ratingthree I've uninstalled it and reinstalled to no avail.
leneight ratingthree I'd like to enjoy this keyboard again.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app on the market.
lentwenty ratingfive I have use this for awhile and have not been disapointed, im currently installing it to my asus transformer prime
lenthree ratingfour Version 2 was amazing.
leneleven ratingfour I could touch type and it would know what I meant.
leneight ratingfive Love personalization on my phone and it fits
lenten ratingfive specially when I go up to 5 words without typing anything :)
leneight ratingfive Simply the best keyboard on Android play store.
lensix ratingfive Thoroughly deserve every single dollar spent.
leneight ratingfive Won't be using any keyboard besides this.
lenseventeen ratingfive Sincerely, I've never thought typing on my phone would be easier than typing on my computer.
lenfive ratingfive This app changed my mind.
lenseventeen ratingfive Sometimes, it simply amazes you how it corrects every typo, and how it predicts your whole sentence.
lennine ratingfive I'm faster than my blackberry friends at messaging!
leneight ratingfive And I wrote all this in about 30 secs.
lentwelve ratingfive For whatever reason, the native keyboard app on the galaxy S3 is awful.
lensix ratingfive So happy I found this app.
lenseven ratingfive It makes my user experience way better.
lentwentyseven ratingfive I love the occasional messages saying you have saved ten thousand keystrokes (or however many) think of all the time I could have wasted typing them in!
lentwenty ratingfive Also great feature having the auto space after chosen word, hubbies HTC keyboard doesn't have that soIendupwritingonereallylongword! (galaxy Ace 2)
lenthirteen ratingfive You really dont know what you are missing if you dont try it.
lensixteen ratingfive Over the last 3 years i've tried many phones but Swift keyboard just works like charm.
lensix ratingfive better than all the stock keyboards.
lennineteen ratingfive Trust me give it a try and you wont allow yourself to get back to the old stock keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingfive And finally I cant explain how accurate the word predictions are as in you and your phone share some sort of telepathy powers.
lenfive ratingfive Beggars belief try it now.
leneight ratingfive I better be able to upgrade for free.
lenfive ratingfive I love this keyboard though.
lenfour ratingfour I love this app.
leneleven ratingfour I use it on my Samsung Galaxy S3 on Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean.
leneleven ratingfour The only complaint I do have are a couple of bugs.
lentwelve ratingfour I will give this app five stars when these things are fixed.
lenten ratingfive The predictive text of my built in Samsung was appalling.
lenthirteen ratingfive This works a million times better and doesn't get in the way.
lenseventeen ratingfive You can get 90% there intuitively at which point it's worth training yourself to use it accurately.
lentwo ratingfive SwiftKey keyboard
lentwo ratingfour Absolutely awesome.
leneleven ratingfour This keyboard changed my mind about typing on a touch-screen.
lentwentytwo ratingfour but I can put up with it since my typing would take much longer without this keyboard even taking that into account.
lenfourteen ratingfour I love the support for multiple dictionaries at the same time, works very well.
lenseven ratingfive Couldn't find a better keyboard anywhere
lenseven ratingthree Other than that its worth the money.
lensix ratingfive Combines English and Afrikaans keyboards flawlessly!
lensixteen ratingfive This is on another level than the keyboard that came with my galaxy s3, which was terrible -
lenfifteen ratingfive If you daily have to text in different languages THIS IS the keyboard to get.
lenten ratingfive It supports three of them and the utilisation is flawless!
lenthree ratingfive A real pleasure.
lenseven ratingfive Moreover the prediction is scary of accuracy!
lenthree ratingfive Very nice appp...
lensix ratingfive Works like butter on my note...
lenthree ratingfive A definite download...
lentwelve ratingthree It also learns from emails I didn't write, just replied to!
lenfive ratingfour Good substitute for stock keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Buy this app
lenthree ratingone Pretty much unusable.
lensix ratingfive Literally THE BEST keyboard for Android.
leneleven ratingfive I sell phones, and recommend this to all of my guests.
lenthree ratingfive Saved my life...
lenthree ratingfive Thanks a lot
lenfive ratingfive Not even the stock ones.
lenseven ratingfive But common in wanna see SwiftKey flow!
lensix ratingfive I would definitely recommend this product.
lentwentysix ratingfive It's hard to say all the things that this program does so I will just say try the trial version and you might get hooked.
leneleven ratingfive Predictions works amazingly, you have to use 30 days trial to believe.
leneight ratingone I've been using this app since June.
lensix ratingone I never seen a useful update.
leneleven ratingone Tryed to delete it and install it again,doesn't work.
lenten ratingone I paid almost 4 euro for this, can't be possible.
lenseven ratingone Can you make a useful update please?
leneleven ratingone Till that customers, if you have a SGN, DON'T INSTALL.
lentwentynine ratingfive Amoung many great features, I especially like that rather than switching to numbers amd symbols,  (which you can,) you can hold key down, and selected # or smybol is inserted.
lennine ratingfive This is honestly best keyboard I've ever used!
lennine ratingfive Predictions get better the longer you use the app.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the cost.
lensix ratingfour Love the update, minus that issue.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent layout.
lentwo ratingfive Great app.
lennine ratingfive Just love it and can't function without it.
lenten ratingfive Perfect for people that regularly communicate in 2 languages or more.
leneight ratingfive Really a convenient keyboard which pampers your fingers..
lentwentyfour ratingfive I've tried every Android keyboard and this one is the least intrusive in its design and the most intelligent in its prediction algo.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Typing has never been easier!
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard!
lentwo ratingfive Best keyboard
leneighteen ratingfive This app makes touch screen typing as good,  or dare I say better than the blackberry hard keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive The auto correct and predictive auto fill are the best thing to ever happen to a phone.
lentwentyseven ratingfive When I use my wife's iPhone keyboard now,  it makes me want to smash it into pieces because it is so bad compared to swift key.
lentwenty ratingfive I thought it was just ok but now I think it's one of the best purchases on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingfive It has learned the words I type and the names, even difficult ones.
lenten ratingfive When you put it all together, you have a winner.
lenfifteen ratingfive Perfect key size, fast, fantastic auto-predict and all the options that you would expect.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent update.
lensixteen ratingfive I've been using this keyboard for over two years and they keep making it better.
lentwentyone ratingfive Even for major releases, they keep releasing as updates rather than a new app that you would have to pay for.
lenfour ratingfive tnx for including tagalog
lenfour ratingtwo I love this app.
leneleven ratingtwo I use it on my Samsung Galaxy S3 on Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean.
leneleven ratingtwo The only complaints I do have are a couple of bugs.
lentwelve ratingtwo I will give this app five stars when these things are fixed.
lensixteen ratingfive Well worth the pittance they charge, saves a ridiculous amount of time composing texts and emails.
lenfour ratingfive Hinglish support is awesome!!
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard is still getting better!
leneleven ratingfive Testing Flow now and it is the best of both possibilities!
lentwelve ratingfive With the recently added tagalog support, it just became perfect for me!
lentwo ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey!
lenfour ratingfour Way better than stock!
lennine ratingfive I really like this keyboard over the stock version..
lensix ratingfive Easy, great prediction and incredibly functional...
lenfive ratingfive A must for any Android!
lenfifteen ratingfive I've never used third-party keyboards before but this sounded good enough to try.
lenfifteen ratingfive It's actually my first time using the qwerty layout on a mobile device, too.
leneight ratingfive SwiftKey is making the transition so much easier.
lensix ratingfive Very good keyboard with excellent performance.
leneighteen ratingfive Really speeds up typing on a phone, predictions allow for me to type out things quickly and efficiently.
lenthree ratingfour Worth the value.
leneight ratingone Paid for it twice it's that good.
lenfour ratingone But still worth it!
lentwo ratingone Changed opinion!
lentwo ratingfive Best keyboard
lensixteen ratingfive My number one most used app on my phone - so happy I have it Samsung Galaxy s2
lenfive ratingfive 5 Star on my HTC Desire.
lenthree ratingfive Please fix ASAP.
lentwo ratingfive Perfect keyboard
lenfive ratingthree I really like this application.
lensix ratingthree I hope you make it soon.
lenfive ratingthree I sorry for my English.
lenseven ratingfour If u do its a definite 5 star.
lennine ratingfive I exclusively use this for the features and functionality.
lenfour ratingfive It is simply excellent.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard I've tried!
leneighteen ratingfive Best keyboard you can get, using it on my galaxy s2 and my friends can't keep up lol.
lenthree ratingfive And so smooth.
lenfive ratingfive The best keyboard of all!.
leneight ratingfive I'm very used to this keyboard now
lentwentyone ratingfive At first I found moving from my iOS device to Android Phone quite difficult in particular getting used to the keyboard.
lensix ratingfive This app made the transition seamless!
lentwo ratingfive Absolutely brilliant.
leneight ratingthree I'd say average is a suitable description.
lensixteen ratingfive it picked up on the way I talk in my text messages and facebook almost perfectly.
leneighteen ratingfive the suggestions for my spelling errors are almost always correct as to what I meant to type too!
lenthree ratingfive minor but annoying.
lenfive ratingfive How can this be changed?
lenfive ratingfive Awesome on my galaxy note
lenthree ratingfive Best app ever  ;-)
leneight ratingfive Easily the best keyboard replacement for Android devices.
lenseventeen ratingfive It does save me a lot of time and I definitely don't have as many errors.
lentwelve ratingfive I also love the ability to swipe back to delete a word.
lentwo ratingfive Great app!
leneight ratingfive I found the one that works for me.
leneleven ratingfour Been using it for months and have nothing bad to say.
lenseventeen ratingfour You can type every word in a sentence wrong and it intuitively knows what you're typing.
lentwelve ratingfour Easy to use, the more you use it the better it gets.
lenthirteen ratingfour EDIT: After several reboots and deleting app data, sk3 seems to be stable again.
lensix ratingfive This is the BEST touch keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Predictive is awesome.
lennine ratingfive Heat map is ridiculously efficient after a few weeks..
lenseven ratingthree thought it'd be a little better.
lenfour ratingthree Especially for the price
lentwentythree ratingfive The trouble I've always had with android phones is that the key boards are inaccurate and never choose the correct spelling correction.
lensix ratingfive This app completely fixed that issue.
lenseventeen ratingfive The keyboard in general is more accurate and it picks the correct correction most of the time.
lenthirteen ratingfive I've tried quite a few different keyboards, and this is the best.
lenten ratingfive It reads my mind and corrects all my typos flawlessly.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lennine ratingfive Best keyboard ever, been using it since the betas!
lentwentyfour ratingone Would have loved that they gave the tablet version away for free if you already purchased the one for the phone or visa versa.
leneleven ratingfive Now that I have the Note 2 it is kind of frustrating.