lentwelve ratingone i hate that i cant change my cover photo on the app...
lentwentytwo ratingone i have to go to the web for that and i cant organize my photos in certain albums only in the web!
lenseventeen ratingone i also can't change who views my information and stuff on my wall only in web...
lensix ratingone this version crashes all the time.
lenfive ratingfour it's slow little bit.
lenfour ratingtwo sd card storage need
lennine ratingone it doesn't notify me of close friends updates.
lenthirteen ratingone i can't post any comments or status updates from my motorola razr
lenseven ratingone the app is slow and always hangs ...
lenseven ratingthree it take a lot time in loading.
lensix ratingthree some times error in posting comment.
leneleven ratingthree not able to download any pictures please fix these bugs immediately
lenseven ratingone this most recent update is extremely slow.
lensixteen ratingone have to click on photo to view and ur lucky if it doesn't take 5 minutes.
lenthree ratingone pages freeze often.
lenseventeen ratingone i have to type my posts twice it keeps telling me "post is null try again later"..
lensix ratingfour still having problems uploading sometimes, though.
lenfive ratingthree takes forever time to reload..
lentwenty ratingone it wont load any of my notifications when i click on them, pictures wont load, and my newsfeed wont refresh.
lenten ratingone it does t even tell me there's an error.
lenseventeen ratingthree it is the only way i can get the pictures people post to reappear on the timeline..
lenfourteen ratingone i'm scared of updating it but it's going slow wish me luck :/
lenfifteen ratingtwo was #1 battery user on my s3 even though i hadn't run the app in 3 days
lenseven ratingtwo performance is improved but kills battery fast.
lenfifteen ratingone everytime i go on to look at picture nothing shows up, just a grey picture...
leneleven ratingone now it is pointless cant see anything not even e cards...
lenseventeen ratingone the only pictures i can see are the mini profile pics beside there names on their statuses...
lentwelve ratingone a lot of errors, i can't see pictures fix it please!!
lenthree ratingone never updates statuses..
lenfive ratingone won't upload any pictures!
lensix ratingone friend finder needs to go wtf!
lenten ratingone i can't even get the app to open anymore.
lenfourteen ratingthree pls it was high time we got a good facebook app optimized for tabs.
lenfourteen ratingthree the current fb app is not good at all for tabs with big screen.
lentwentytwo ratingthree the problem is with the way items display,pics are small,large empty space e.t.c the display generally not attractive.
leneight ratingthree slow as hell but i guess its alright!
lennine ratingtwo notifications still suck, and doesn't show updates properly.
lenseven ratingtwo not to mention it force closes often...
lensix ratingone this app is always so slow.
leneighteen ratingone also every time i open it asks me if i want to search my email to find friends.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree its okay except that when i scroll down and read statuses or posts it'll update and refresh but once it loads ten or more posts i can't keep scrolling down or like anything
lenfour ratingone i cant even login
lensix ratingthree now i cannot view any photos.
leneleven ratingfour unable to change cover photo no option is available for this....
lennine ratingfour and also no option available for deleting a comment
lenten ratingone network error, network error, alk the time on feeds page...
lenfour ratingone cant see any pics..
lenthirteen ratingone loading takes time even on 3g con it totaly sucks plz fix it asap!!!!!
lentwentythree ratingone i don't like the fact that im forced to view my friends posts as top stories when i much rather recent stories.
lensixteen ratingtwo it won't let me delete comments made by others that i would lik to delete.
lenfive ratingone i cannot update my status.
lenfive ratingthree occupies a lot of space
lentwentyone ratingone it told me that it needed an update before i continued using it and now it won't load any pictures :(
lenfifteen ratingthree what's with the 13mb just for facebook, your just making the app slower and slower.
lenfour ratingthree dosent load pics now
lennine ratingthree doesn't let me log in all the time.
lenfour ratingthree takes forever to load.
leneight ratingthree doesn't show new notifications all the time.
lentwenty ratingthree why the hell can anyone access my android facebook account just by simply tapping on the "sign up for facebook"
lensix ratingthree what the hell happened to privacy ???
lennine ratingone said package was invalid  when i tried to download
lenfifteen ratingone you can't even delete comments you would like to remove off your own wall !!!!
lenseven ratingthree poor in connectivity, very high memory usage.
lenthree ratingtwo slow and unresponsive.
leneighteen ratingone i can't n haven't been able to to post or check anything for a long time!!!
lenthirtyone ratingfour how come no matter how many times i select i want the statuses shown by "most recent" and not "top stories" it still wants to show them the "top stories" first??
lenfourteen ratingtwo i can't update my status, check-in or photos on my fb wall.
lenfour ratingthree always crashes, pls fix
leneleven ratingone either loads slower than molasses or doesn't load at all.
lenseventeen ratingone when i open it, whether on wifi or not, only first couple status load and then nothing.
lennine ratingtwo was working great but now no pictures will open
lenfifteen ratingfour it good app but i can't delete my comment in galaxy y pls update ^^
lenfifteen ratingtwo for facebook developer team, i recommend for the next update, please minimize the ram usage.
lennine ratingtwo because facebook is use 60% of my ram free spaces.
lensix ratingtwo this make my phone is lag.
lenten ratingtwo logged out and now i can't log back in.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i go to look at app data and find out it was using 204mb of cache?!
lenfour ratingone takes 30minutes to load pictures.
lennine ratingtwo app works great unless i am connected to wifi.
lennine ratingtwo then it just endlessly sits on a loading screen.
leneighteen ratingone complete and utter rubbish, no access to news feeds messages or notifications for weeks now,, sort it out!!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive its superb app, there was a problem on loading page  on my samsung galaxy 5830i please solve anybody
lensix ratingone can't see pictures and slow.
lentwentynine ratingtwo you can't edit your post once you comment and hit send. if you comment on someone's status and you make an error you can't fix it.
lentwentyone ratingone the font size facebook program in samsung galaxy note 10.1 is too small and do not have function to adjust font sizing.
lenseven ratingone slower and always need to force close.
leneighteen ratingone i have had this app for a while but since the last update it won't load anything!
lensix ratingone can barely even load my newsfeed!
lensix ratingone now force closes all the time
lentwo ratingone lags phone
lenfifteen ratingfour it works very well in my phone but it updates takes my sd card full.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i had to remove all updates because it would never load and could never connect, but now that the updates are gone it works perfectly
lensix ratingone can not view any photos whatsoever.
lenthirteen ratingone no pictures would load and it would take forever for statuses to load.
lentwelve ratingone well see they still haven't sorted the loading to this app...
lentwenty ratingone have to either wait a stupid amount of time for updates or images to load or it just wont work.....
lensixteen ratingthree its good needs to able to change cover photos from my samsung galaxy s3 please next update
lenfourteen ratingone has crashed more times than i care to count - asus tf300t running android 4.1 please fix!!
lenseven ratingfour i cant download any pic from here...
lensix ratingone will not show pics just blank.
leneleven ratingtwo it works a bit slow and is not installable in mem.
lennine ratingtwo card but uses phone memory thts a bad thing
lenten ratingone i can post photos but i cant post status update.
lennine ratingthree connection sucks sometimes wont load photos with new update
lenthirtyone ratingthree after the last two updates i can no longer see pictures, it does load the feeds quickly but it isn't as good without being able to see all the pix
lenten ratingfour please add the option to save photo like in ios...
lenthirtyeight ratingthree lacks many features of the regular facebook website and in addition has glitches such as loading the same 10 events one is attending over and over again rather than showing any more and differn events further in the future.
leneight ratingone especially the notifications,aren't updating at all!
lenfourteen ratingone slow, unresponsive, and stories are mixed up even after hitting the "most recent" option.
lenten ratingone when i click it it offs my cellphone or whatever!!
lenten ratingone slower, force closes all the time, doesn't load pictures..
lenfive ratingone i cant post status here!
lenthree ratingone no image load
lennine ratingone it doesn't update my fb feed since 31st jan.
leneight ratingone i can force refresh and sometimes it works.
lenfour ratingfour should include b'days
leneight ratingone download gives a warning "package file is invalid"
leneleven ratingtwo plz update this version to faster loading,it crashes many times...
lentwentythree ratingtwo all i want to do is check my notifications and messages..but i get stuck with a loading wheel that never goes away.
lenthirteen ratingone blank page takes a long time to load can't see my notifications
leneighteen ratingtwo all the tym while chatting its going to hang and force stop what yo ra1 yaaar plzzz fix it
leneleven ratingtwo ever since i updated i can't upload any pics wth
lennine ratingtwo just to slow all around 2 star app htc rezound
lenfifteen ratingone super irritating that photos and comments either don't load... or take forever to load.
lenseven ratingtwo it's slow unless you have wifi...
lentwelve ratingone work like our gorment of pakistan vrry slow app -5 stars for this
lentwelve ratingone every time i attempt to open it, my phone freezes and restarts.
leneleven ratingone it seems like every update facebook gets, the slower it gets.
lenfive ratingthree it couldn't load images.
lentwentyeight ratingthree from when i updated fb app is getting slow and it slow down my system also please release a new update that will over come all poof these
leneight ratingtwo sucks to slow gets stuck all the time.
lenfive ratingtwo this app is effin slow!!!!!!
lenforty ratingone takes forever to load & even longer to log out if u don't want it annoying u every 5 min& constanly using ur data, battery etc. i switch off the data, as this is the only way to really kill it.
lensix ratingone pictures do not load, at all.
lenfive ratingthree can't view any pictures
lenseventeen ratingone i can't post status anymore it says they post but don't plz fix droid raza
lenseven ratingthree voice messaging is not working on my galaxy3
lenseventeen ratingthree but it takes time to load please do it in next update than i will rate 5 star
leneleven ratingone worst app ever continuously forces close do not install this junk!!!!
lennine ratingone the pics on my newsfeed don't show up.
lenseven ratingone actually no pics show up at all.
lenfifteen ratingone i cannot post my own status in this app and also couldnt check in.i
lenfifteen ratingone comments disappear, pictures don't load and i can no longer edit or delete comments.
lenten ratingone now i can't open any links from my phone.
lenfiftysix ratingthree lags constantly, news feed loads so terribly slow, then a little bo pops up at the top under the status update and whatnot, telling me of new posts and once that gthes ten new updates or posts, i cannot like, comment nor even look a anything else not to mention the pictures don't even load.
lenfive ratingone freezing up daily horrible app
lennine ratingtwo but there is no option for editing & removing tags.
lenfour ratingtwo takes long to load.
lenthirteen ratingone i'm constantly facing unreasonable load times, as well as constant freezing issues.
lenthirtysix ratingone cant update my status, im a constant status updater now people are gonna start thinking i fell of this earth bc everytime i update and hit post it acts like its going too then bam nothing....
leneighteen ratingfour even after the update i still can not see any photos in news feed on my mobile device.
lenthirteen ratingfour even if i click on the picture itself it still won't load.
lensixteen ratingone i will bump it up to 5 stars when they can move it to my sd card!!!
lenfifteen ratingfour it just needs something like you get to go offline and just read news feeds
lentwentytwo ratingone it keeps force closing the only reason i still have the app is because its just a little faster than the internet
leneight ratingone why does it suddenly stop working for days?
lennine ratingone -pictures don't load when your looking through albums.
lensix ratingone -i can't update my status.
lensix ratingone -i can't comment on posts.
lentwo ratingone -network errors.
lenfour ratingone -"facebook is not responding"
lenfour ratingone pictures never load up
leneleven ratingthree some time it take lots of tym to run the app......:(
lenten ratingthree fix the incredibly long download problems for a better rating.
lenthirteen ratingone photos don't upload and these updates are causing facebook to run slowly.
lensixteen ratingone news feed won't update, pics won't load, no notifications, etc..... are the stocks down?
lentwentyeight ratingthree when i try to share images directly from fb to what's app or some other app, its not sharing some time and some time it works fine..
leneleven ratingthree when it is possible to share images why cant the videos...?
lentwentytwo ratingthree i cannot share the video to some other apps like whats app, etc.. (when i can share the images to whats app)..
lenfourteen ratingtwo loading pictures or comments on pictures or posts either never loads or takes forever.
lennine ratingtwo plus it doent update my changes, evan after refresh.
lensix ratingtwo and sometimes refresh doesnt even work.
lensix ratingone hey i can'log in properly.
lenfortysix ratingone it's slow, it keeps saying its updating and it won't let me see my news feed, and when i try and look at my friends pics it just says its loading, not to mention it freezes up all the time, i dnt like it ):
lenthirteen ratingtwo -no delete option like in the earlier version (like swipe and delete : missing)
lenthirteen ratingtwo -is very very moody, sometimes it is very fast and sometimes a pain.
lennine ratingtwo -cannot retrieve photo errors have become very common now.
lennine ratingtwo -no of likes are 98 even if there are 20000 likes.
lenfour ratingfive only increase my memory
lenseventeen ratingtwo well it use to be no internet connection problems with my samsung galaxy now its picture problems!
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo i can't view pics that i or other people have just uploaded i can see all or some of the older pics including my timeline & profile pics but none of the new ones.
lentwenty ratingtwo i also can't see video posts but if i click to on it view i can watch the videos.
lenfive ratingone takes forever to load anything....
leneight ratingtwo i can never upload photos using this app.
lentwenty ratingtwo the progress bar is always 0% with no title, and i can't make it go away without restarting my phone.
lenfive ratingthree tired of it forcing close
leneleven ratingtwo this app takes up way too much memory on my phone.
lensix ratingtwo keeps force closing all the time
lenthirteen ratingone slow to load n forces close htc hero, great if u run orig.
lentwentyone ratingone i told you that a dozen times already but thanks for the constant popup notification that can't be disabled ever.
lenfive ratingone still no sd card option.
lensix ratingone takes up way too much space.
lenthree ratingfour feed is delayed...
lenfour ratingone stupid app keep refreshing
lennine ratingone force closes constantly, will not let me view comments.
lentwentytwo ratingone my app has not worked right, the way i comment on anything/everything has been down graded and is not user friendly.
leneight ratingone my phone is fritzing out since the upgrade.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i've always used facebook movie mobile, but lately i've been having problems with my timeline not refreshing with the current update.
lensixteen ratingtwo it always reads "network error." this also has affected applications that i have connected to facebook.
lensixteen ratingfour when i open a picture in this app, it irritates me by opening previously opened picture ...
lenfortyfour ratingone this app is so slow will not add my pics most of the time and crashes my phone alot i uninstall and re install allot but the next time i uninstall thats it not getting back on if i could i would give 0 stars
lenthree ratingone constantly force closes.
leneight ratingone freezes, won't let me check in anywhere
lenthirteen ratingone my status won't ever upload and i can't tag any one....
lenfive ratingthree it should have multi tabs ...
lensixteen ratingone won't load anything when connected to wifi then it started not loading anything at all.
leneight ratingtwo it's so painful when login facebook now.....
lenfive ratingtwo loading everything is so slooooooow.
leneighteen ratingtwo this application was great before the last update, when i open a pic it opens a different pic.
lennine ratingthree since the last update i cant post any status...
lenfifteen ratingthree for me to be able to post a status, i need to open a browser..
lentwentyone ratingtwo i use my phone almost  exclusivly to log into fb and not being able to delete or edit comments is unacceptable
lenthree ratingone doesnt load pictures.
lenfour ratingthree keeps on force closing!!
lenthirteen ratingtwo always force closes when i try to log in to games thru facebook.
lenseventeen ratingone i get a forceclose every other time i open facebook now and it's driving me nuts...
leneighteen ratingone then when i reopen it, it takes minutes to load everything and the pictures take about 5 minutes longer.
leneleven ratingone fix this thing, no network error , the app es near useless
lenten ratingtwo i can't get any pics in the news feed.
lennine ratingone each update becomes increasingly intrusive into your personal life.
lensix ratingone can't turn off location tracking...
leneighteen ratingone so sick and tired of getting network error messages when at the same time, facebook web works fine!
lentwentyfive ratingone i always have to close the app from my multi-tasking so that the next time i open it, it will hopefully load my newsfeed.
lenseven ratingthree pictures and new stories load pretty slowly.
lenten ratingthree my biggest pet peeve is that i can't "like"
lenfifteen ratingthree things 95% of the time, or it takes five or six taps to register the "like."
lenseven ratingthree notifications frequently take me to something irrelevant.
lenseven ratingthree this is constantly having problems loading comments.
lenfifteen ratingthree i can almost never get them to show on pictures, status updates or anything else.
lenten ratingone has anyone else been having issues with constant force close?
lensix ratingone can't post since last update.
lennineteen ratingone also, they need to make it so that you can hide posts from certain people like the website does.
lennineteen ratingtwo the app is good & all, but some images in my news feed can only be previewed instead of opened.
lenfifteen ratingtwo occasionally, the app says that the image can't be opened & please try again later.
lenfour ratingone move to sd please
lenfive ratingone news feed shows no pics...
lenseventeen ratingthree the only thing about the newer app i hate is the "like" and "comment" feature is broken.
lensixteen ratingone i have installed and  uninstalled this several time to get an up to date time line....
lenten ratingone slow, rarely loads anything - pages, photos, comments - nothing, constantly crashes.
lentwentysix ratingone i can't change my covert photo from my phone,  searching for anything is awful, i have to type , then delete, then retype, then it works.
lentwelve ratingone loading pics and comments take much longer, i.don't like it.
lenfive ratingone serious bug dealing with notifications.
lentwenty ratingone opening app from a notification after its been running in the background for a while results in endless wait loop.
leneleven ratingone never shuts down in the background and has no exit button.
lensixteen ratingone reinstalled to get the share link back bit the churning following a notification is still awful.
lensix ratingthree still has issues with check-ins. :|
lentwentythree ratingthree after the latest update, i have not been able to post status updates on the first try, even with strong 4g data or wifi.
lenten ratingthree generally speaking, the app seems much slower than previous versions.
lenten ratingthree i see "unable to establish a secure connection" errors often.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree also it refreshes while i'm trying to read updates in my news feed and seems me to top of news feed page so i have to scroll and search for what i was reading.
leneleven ratingone facebook crashes at least three times a day on my galaxy s2.
leneight ratingone i constantly clear data, but it still crashes...
lentwentyfive ratingthree cant post photos to certain albums, cant delete comments & sometimes when i try uploading photos, they say 'error and photo cannot be uploaded' or somethin :/
lenten ratingone now it won't even load, just keeps saying error.
lenseven ratingtwo doesn't update correctly, freezes a lot.
lennineteen ratingtwo needs fixed, doesn't show the comments or when i chose to look at pictures it doesn't load.
lenseven ratingone will not load this sucks try again :(""
lenfourteen ratingthree most recent didn't really show most recent feed, it still show top story.
lensix ratingthree scrolling lag from time to time.
lenfive ratingtwo slow loading after last update...
leneight ratingtwo rarely refreshes news feed on the first try.
leneight ratingone only shows up to 98 likes on a photo
lennine ratingtwo i wish we could save pics from this app
lensixteen ratingtwo does everything you would expect, still needs some work on the approvals for privacy confirmation process.
lenseventeen ratingtwo but the major issue i have is some background task is grinding my phone to a halt.
lenten ratingfour i cant delete comments anymore ever since i updated it ..
lennineteen ratingone pointless to even have on my phone anymore can't even use it like i should be able to..
lentwenty ratingthree the new update has made it so i continually get network error or no internet connection which is just rubbish.
lenfifteen ratingone after updating my system shuts down, i get errors and i can't post anything.
leneight ratingone will not refresh at all on my droid
lentwenty ratingone far too slow never loads , cant see anything , 'crap' any time i refresh it goes straight onto my actual internet !!!
lensix ratingone keeps crashing, forcing it to close.
lenfive ratingone also you carnt view pictures
lensixty ratingone yeah so this app ain't bad i use it more than the browser but that's gonna change, i was wondering why my phone memory was all gone so i decided to uninstall the updates now i got a load more memory, so until you can save this app to the memory card then i'm not using it.
lenseven ratingone won't even let me log in!
lentwentyfour ratingtwo for some reason i cannot update my facebook status, leave comments, like things or perform any action on the mobile device that actually works.
lensix ratingone keeps losing conection, therefore uninstalling updates
lenseven ratingthree on my nexus seven tablet, nothing loads.
lenseven ratingthree i simply get a network error message.
lensixteen ratingone dear facebook,  please stop prompting me to add friends every friggin time i open your app.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive it worked perfectly fine for me until yesturday when i was on my laptop and changed my password, it logged me off my phone so i logged in with the new password and it kept saying error.
lenfive ratingtwo can't remove comments anymore.
lentwenty ratingthree once more will ask me this app to find friends from phone contacts list i will remove it i swear.
lentwentynine ratingfour i gave it 4 due to works and really gd but needs to be less i have it at 33.12 so slow then and i want it to get below then 20
lentwentyfive ratingone keeps playing up freezing lots of force close coming up come on fb sort it out i use it everyday and everyday i have problems
lennine ratingtwo been having issues with newsfeed refresh prior to that.
lentwentyseven ratingone now it tells me i have a single sign-on error, which even the great google search has not given me any clues on how to fix.
lentwentytwo ratingone it will sign in, but won't sync anything and won't post anything so it's basically useless for my purposes.
lentwenty ratingthree so u have to ask me if i want to use my contacts to find friends multiple times a day.
lennine ratingthree can't type two words without the thing crashing...
lentwelve ratingfour the only complaint i have is that it has problems loading pics.
lenfourteen ratingone it's slow to load (probably because it's searching my 'phone for stuff) .
lentwelve ratingone wants access to my 'photos, contacts, their birthdays and so much more!!!
lenfive ratingone i cant share my location :/:=
lentwentyone ratingtwo come on , facebook, every other app on my phone has functioning notifications, why can't you mange to get it right?
lenseventeen ratingthree wow my facebook use to be so slow it is so much faster and hasnt frozen yet.
lenseven ratingone the recent update has blank pages now.
leneight ratingone i cant see any pictures on my app.
lenfourteen ratingtwo the app runs extremely slow and sometimes not at all on the mobile network.
lentwelve ratingtwo pictures wont load and neither will contents.works fine threw wi-fi.
lentwentyfour ratingone the problem is it is constantly syncing and that drains battery  uninstall for an hour and you will notice huge increase in battery life
lentwelve ratingone it kicks me out once a day and drains my battery completely.
lenten ratingone my facebook is even slower than it already was before.
lenten ratingone it forced me to update which should be our choice.
lensixteen ratingone plz can i save pic, and iportent can i dalete comt from my pic and stetes....
lenfive ratingtwo vryy sloww and too heavy..
lensix ratingtwo almst occupy my whole system memory...
lenseventeen ratingone after auto correct got a word wrong i went back to change it, then the app froze.
lentwenty ratingone however, recently i have found myself waiting for an eternity to get anything to load properly if it even does.
lenfiftyfive ratingone well i have top of the range phone,  fastest internet in the uk and this app fails constantly, how can a company this large not create a working application is beyond me,  slow, pictures and comments regularly fail to load, constant network errors and to top it off facebook fail to respond to these issues...
lennineteen ratingtwo when trying to watch a youtube video through fb, the option to watch through the youtube app is gone.
lenseventeen ratingtwo you're automatically taken to the mobile youtube site where it says the video cannot be played.
lensixteen ratingtwo pretty frustrating, since it happens every single time i try to watch a posted youtube video.
leneight ratingtwo pics on the status update page dont load...
lenfive ratingone this app is so slow.
lenfourteen ratingone why don't i have the same options i do on the facebook website?
leneleven ratingone why can't i remove posts from people on the app?
lenseven ratingone why can i hide stories or pictures?
lenfourteen ratingone and lastly it's very slow loading and sometimes doesn't load at all.
lentwentyone ratingone the update said "faster viewing of photos" and now i can't see any pics at all, not even profile pics!
leneleven ratingtwo wont let me upload pictures and only notify's me sometimes?
lentwentyfour ratingone slow, forces close all the time and notifications don't clear from home screen on the phone even when logging off and on again.
lensix ratingone takes lot of time to load.
leneleven ratingtwo can't copy text, save puctures, or change my cover picture
lenseven ratingone signal is good but app says not.
lenfour ratingone no access to pages.
lenfourteen ratingone can't find them (used to find with friends ) or follow comments any longer.
lenfifteen ratingone afterwards, photos are just gray squares and they don't always load when clicked on.
lentwentytwo ratingone now with the newest update, i was hoping the problems would be fixed, but instead the pictures won't load at all.
lensix ratingone all sharing options do not work
lenten ratingone the worst thing fr such a top developer, so slowwwwswwwwwwwwww
lensixteen ratingone ever since the latest update i have not been able to view photos on the app.
lentwelve ratingfour it will not let me change my cover photo fix this 5 stars
leneight ratingone the describtion for pictures shows only three lines.
lenthree ratingone very slow loading
lensix ratingtwo loading...loading...loading all the time.
lenfive ratingtwo slow down my whole phone.
lenseven ratingone i keep getting the "error posting comment"
lentwentynine ratingone message in facebook for android (latest version) whenever i try to reply to something from a notification; also, whenever i get this error, whatever i had typed in, disappears.
lenten ratingone absolute friggin joke constantly forcing close and constant network error!
leneleven ratingone so frustrating that i cannot see any photos or links now!!!
lennineteen ratingthree lately i'm constantly getting network error for no reason and constantly error trying to send pics in message
lentwentyone ratingone i have tried about twenty times to get on my fb and it say connection lost when i have five bars.
lenthree ratingone hangs on updating
lensix ratingtwo i cant post my status updates..
lenfortyseven ratingone this was a good app but now it will not show some posts or it will arrange them in any order that it wants i.e. first post will be from 2 weeks ago, the next post will be from a month ago, then the next from today.
lensix ratingone horrible tos for privacy/app permissions.
lentwentytwo ratingone you *do not* need my private text msgs, my photos, my entire contact list and address book to make this app successful.
lensix ratingone i'm not able to update.
lenseventeen ratingone last update i can't search for friends and won't load profiles or photos please fix
lenfourteen ratingone takes forever to load and most of the time doesn't load at all.
lenseven ratingone too much crap appearing in my newsfeed.
lenfive ratingone stupid network error, htc one 4.1
lentwentynine ratingone and on this galaxy note 10.1 tablet from samsung nothing loads !, all i get is network errors even after i tether from my phone , so bulls**t its my network .
leneight ratingone images take forever to load, if at all.
lenthirteen ratingone likes and comments don't show up as quickly as they used to.
lenseventeen ratingone i have my newsfeed set to most recent news and it keeps reverting back to top stories.
leneleven ratingone the newsfeed takes forever tp.load, and sometimes doesn't load.
lenfour ratingone katana always forces close.
leneight ratingone just get the loading circle forever and ever.
lenthirty ratingone it was always a bit slow and lagging but now i cant load any content or photos at all, no matter how many times i force close or restart my 3g.
lenfourteen ratingone my normally super fast experia x8 now goes at quarter speed since installing this app.
lenthirteen ratingone i don't even start the app and its running in the background
lenseven ratingone i can't change the cover pic :'(
lenfourteen ratingone suddenly i can't open messages, i can't see photos, it's sssllllowww...
leneleven ratingone large app with no option to install on the sd card.
lenfourteen ratingone if this app becomes much slower, it may very well only work in reverse...
lentwentytwo ratingone last update has made the app not load pics or graphics until several seconds, sometimes minutes, and very often not at all.
lentwenty ratingtwo half the time when i use facebook it says network error and won't load, when i have perfect 4g signal.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i have to force close and try many different times for facebook to even load.
lenfiftynine ratingtwo i can't change my cover photo, i deleted my most recent cover photo and can't find a way to upload a new one on my android for my profile, there is no mini camera in the corner of the cover photo box and i can't change it if i go to my cover photo album either.
lensix ratingone many times hang or stops working......
lenseven ratingone it freezes, goes blank, and constantly refreshes.
lentwentytwo ratingone everything looks nice but when i use the most recent timeline it gives me posts form three weeks ago as most current.
lennine ratingtwo pictures and comments load when they feel like it.
lentwelve ratingtwo eats all the data and storage to my phone please fix this!!!
lentwentythree ratingone lately, every time i go into the app it prompts me to "find friends" (go through all of the contacts on my phone).
lenfive ratingthree sarch is not work propar
lensix ratingone takes a lot of internal memory....
lenten ratingone since the latest update, absolutely no photos have been loading!
lentwelve ratingone if i select a grey photo placeholder, photo still doesn't load.
lenfortyfour ratingthree it won't let me change my cover photo, it doesn't posts the pictures i post, it doesn't send messages, and when i try to see when people commented on statuses that i also commented on it takes me to my profile
lenfifteen ratingone app is very sluggish and will not load news feed, pictures, and hardly anything else.
lennineteen ratingone now that all of this garbage has been added, like ads, and a bunch of other junk, it sucks.
lenfive ratingfour new update always network error !
lenfive ratingone won't work on wifi.
lensix ratingone when updating, it's very slow.
lenten ratingone the other times, it just won't load to update.
lenfour ratingone issue onlynhappens on wifi.
lenfifteen ratingone nothing to do with internet connection as it's fine checking facebook through the web.
lensix ratingone i get an error posting comments....
lenseven ratingtwo news feed updates have  gotten miserably slow.
lentwelve ratingtwo i'm unable to open up my events page (won't connect).
lensixteen ratingtwo takes long to open any comments about status updates, as well as, adding a comment myself.
lennine ratingtwo installed and installed still works at a snails pace.
lenseventeen ratingone this app sucks monkey balls can't post comments,can't do anything without it force closing!
lenseven ratingone when liking statuses automatically unlikes please fix.
lenfourteen ratingone i can't even open the app it's been force closing 20 minutes now!
lenfourteen ratingone i love how while writing something or looking at pictures it will force close !
lenthree ratingone pictures wont load!
lenfour ratingone keeps getting network error!
lenfive ratingone it takes forever too load.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i find i am signing into fb using my browser because more than 2/3 of my feeds aren't showing up on my app???
lenten ratingtwo the app also runs extremely slow compared to the browser.
lennine ratingfour bt still needs an improvement in loading the pics....
lennine ratingtwo cant see pictures no more its all just gray .-.
leneight ratingone the texts were too small for my 10.1 tablet.
leneight ratingone needed an improvement on ui for larger screens
lentwentytwo ratingthree cannkt upload your cover pictures unless you go on your pc or mac to change it sometimes opening pictures do no work
leneighteen ratingone doesn't matter if its wifi or 4g, takes forever for anything to load, if it loads at all!
leneleven ratingone pictures stay blank, can't get comment boxes to work properly, ....
lenten ratingone groups not opening properly it keeps on saying connection lost...
leneleven ratingone and we need push notifications for messages as well without messenger ...
lenten ratingone now this piece of garbage app won't even load.
lennine ratingtwo since up date does force closures or shuts down.
lentwelve ratingtwo i am now having old posts come back and no new posts!
lenten ratingtwo and i have to fight to get my new posts!
lenseven ratingfive takes long time to load any image.
lenthree ratingfive crashes several times.
lentwentysix ratingone pictures do not load, it takes more patience than it should to post & it needs more features to be worth not just using your browser version
lentwentytwo ratingthree it's good and all, but the notifications come in late like someone posts something and then 3 minutes later i get it...
lenfourteen ratingthree and sometimes the only way to get the notifications is by restarting the app...
leneleven ratingtwo would be better if it could be moved to sd card!
lenfifteen ratingfour speed of new feed update is slow, it does't have share to private messenger
lensix ratingtwo now i can't delete comments....
lenthirtyone ratingone this latest update sux, everything is slow or doesn't work it is always forced to close everything you click on doesn't work or you have to push it 20 times .....
lenseven ratingone works great but requires lots of ram.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i want to update news and feed but its dont do it its write me that its updating and dont do anything!!!!
lentwentythree ratingtwo it freezes all the time, never lives up to promises and because of the pervasiveness of fb, we are just stuck with crap.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i give 2 stars for the times i get bored before the app freezes.
leneleven ratingone my location doesnt post in my status when i update it !
leneleven ratingthree it has very slow loading when i get on the app.
lenfive ratingone games cannot link with facebook .
leneleven ratingtwo app crashes and i can't edit my cover photo anymore
lentwentynine ratingone the more updates i download, the more crappy this app becomes, why cant i see pictures, for that it deserves no stars at all, sick and tired of this.
lentwentytwo ratingone one is that it doesn't load the comments made on posts and if it does at all it takes extremely long.
lenthirtythree ratingone when u upload photos they say they are uploaded but it j6st has the comment with the pictures and thahhh pics not there #i'm sorry cause i loved it and honestly its garbage ???
lenthirtytwo ratingthree please fix the messages it says updating on the top and its updating but it doesn't end  make it faster  i get my messages about 10 minutes after i get the message
leneight ratingone it keeps force closing like e very session.
leneight ratingone and the new refresh feed is crap js
lentwelve ratingone runs fine for a little while then, just forcecloses or freezes up.
lenthirteen ratingone stop trying to force me to download instagram when i touch an image.
lenseven ratingtwo y cant i change my cover page?
lenfourteen ratingtwo since i updated awhile ago its turned to crap always freezes and never loads.
lensixteen ratingthree this apps good but when i open any comment and after back then it is close...
leneighteen ratingthree terrible that you can 't even do something like upload a picture to replace your current display pic...
lenfifteen ratingone worked fine till the update and now its just slow, cant post status and pics.
lensix ratingone last update sucks all time crushing.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo half the time it don't update and then it crashes or it does not load right, has be one a pain in the butt
lennineteen ratingone i can't upload pics, it keeps closing out, n not everything works like status updating, n other things...
lenthree ratingone slow to update.
lenseven ratingone will not load pictures on mobile app.
leneight ratingfour need ability get to edit or delete comments.
lenthree ratingone unable to update.
leneight ratingthree i can't see any post pic.s...
leneight ratingone loads slow and it won't show pics! :(
lenten ratingtwo since the last update, the app constantly closes its self.
lensix ratingone can't change my cover pic.
lenfive ratingone occupies a lot of space.
lenfour ratingone can't delete comments.
leneighteen ratingone since download of the updated version, shuts down, can't see pictures friends post, can't share pictures.
lensix ratingone i can't update my status.. -_-"
lenfourteen ratingtwo with the last update, the speed of pictures being visible has not been improved.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i am able to read text but i can no longer see pictures.
leneight ratingthree recent update has constantly force closed on me..
leneight ratingthree it continues to say facebook's not responding ....
lenfourteen ratingtwo all i get is a black screen and i let it load for 5 minutes.
lenfive ratingtwo keeps hanging when downloading pictures!
lenfourteen ratingone i can't like, comment and tag people after i had viewed people photos...
lenfourteen ratingone it will be more perfect if it is.able to save pic to phone.
lenseven ratingtwo there are issues with the photo viewer...
lenfive ratingone pictures are not coming up.
lentwo ratingone force close
lenthirtythree ratingone facebook now routinely keeps showing old posts that i have made at the top of the news feed, even when most recent is selected, its been happening for the past couple of weeks.
lenfifteen ratingone additionally, it is still not optimised for tablets and displays huge images, pages look awful.
lennine ratingone furthermore, it takes so long to load or update.
lentwenty ratingthree i love my fb but the android app seems to slow down my device and use a lot of memory...
lentwentysix ratingone so much problems and also my notefications keep screwing up and idont even get some chat inboxes back irene wasnt like that before until this update
lenfifteen ratingthree image loading takes lots of time or even doest show afterall my net speed is 2mbps.
lenfortysix ratingone please downgrayddd and upgrayddd once we can all post statuses, wall pics, check-ins and finally stop the app from interrupting my conversations elsewhere in app world with a facebook crash notification every thirty seconds to five minutes to ten seconds to one minute, etc. grrrrr
leneighteen ratingone well, i had moved it up to 3 stars but i'm taking back to 1 because pics never load...
lennine ratingone it's basically good to use for uploading pics.
lentwenty ratingone after upgrading on my phone, when i try to get in to fb all i get is a "network error"!
leneight ratingone get rid of that stupid find friends craps.
lentwelve ratingone every single time i open facebook it prompts me to "find friends"
leneighteen ratingone if i say dont sync contacts and not now, it means i dont want to find any friends!
lenten ratingtwo i cant update status after the app have been updated
leneight ratingtwo with the latest update, photos don't load.
lenten ratingthree everytime theres a new update, it gets slower then ever.
leneighteen ratingthree not sure what happened lately but i can't update stat and it interferes with my mobile network.
lensixteen ratingtwo when ya click on one pic on the news feed it goes 2 a different one its.
lenthirtyfour ratingone i had to uninstall all of the updates and go back to basic facebook since after the last update every time i make a call it causes my phone to go into silent mode...
lenten ratingtwo the bug about updating status is related to siii app.
leneleven ratingone comments dont load, almost impossible to like comments and cant search.
leneleven ratingthree now it freezes and then it tells me to force close.
leneight ratingone now its slow and its always freezing up.
lennine ratingtwo after last updated, this app unable to load pictures?
lennine ratingtwo its nice to have it but its too slow
leneight ratingtwo always crash and the file is too big.
lentwentynine ratingthree every time i want to post a new status this fb app says i have to check my connection and try again even when i have full signal bars..
lennineteen ratingthree also check in feature doesnt allow me to add any places, i have to chose whats on the screen..
lenfive ratingone can't update my status
lentwenty ratingone i love fb but i hate that i cant send it to the sd the memory device is almost full.
lenten ratingone if i easy able to see pictures i wouldn't.
lenseven ratingone slower and no longer to open pictures.
lenseven ratingone slow, pages wont load shows white screen.
lenfour ratingone forcloses all the time.
lentwentyone ratingone weird how i can just go online to my fb page but the app won't pull it up at all
lensix ratingone the next day won't load ....
lenfive ratingone this won't even connect!!!
lenfourteen ratingtwo really slow to load and if it does finally load, it says "network error"
lenthirteen ratingone ever since i updated i can't log on to the app anymore ...
lenthirteen ratingone plus its telling me something is wrong with my sever and there not
lentwentytwo ratingthree i'll give you 5 star if it install in sd card it's 31 mb and my telephone doesn't have area enough
lentwenty ratingthree i really wish it could move a little faster but at the end of the day i still love facebook!
lenten ratingfour needs to be revamped and sped up but otherwise good
lentwenty ratingone it always says loading when i turn the app on but nothing pops up and with wifi may i add.
lensix ratingone force close all the friggin time!
lensix ratingtwo cant see most friends pics, wtf!!!
lennine ratingone doesn't load photos in news feed at all.
lensix ratingone not getting notificatoions through on time.
lennine ratingtwo its super slow or it just won't open.
lenthree ratingtwo trouble loading pics..
lentwentyone ratingtwo force closes all the time, and why can't i ever upload any pictures with this piece of garbage? - desire hd
lenten ratingthree evrtym i clik on d pics, it just force closes!!!
leneighteen ratingone takes up way to much room on my phone and i can't move it to sd card.
lenfive ratingone also push notifications for messages!!!!
lennine ratingthree i cannot change my cover photo fix it now
lentwenty ratingthree having problem with showing coments on pics, it couldn't load any profile or pages further apart from first visit
lenfiftysix ratingtwo worked great until i updated, now it randomly doesn't load pics,  takes forever to upload pics, & idk what is going on with it but many times when i get on, it will look like everything is working until i click on a like & it will add it but less than a second later remove it.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo i have to click several times until it sticks & if i've liked the status before it, the screen suddenly skips back to it while removing its like.
lenfifteen ratingone need to fix sync bug doesnt sync a single contact, crashes all the time, uninstalled.
lenseventeen ratingone very very very bad version do not work correctly and do not open chat its very bad
lentwo ratingone constantly freezing.
lenten ratingone doesn't refresh and no option to edit previous posts.
lensix ratingtwo since the update, constant network errors.
lenseven ratingtwo i gave it 2 stars cuz it loaded.
lentwelve ratingone it sux dont work good takes for ever to upload a pic..
leneleven ratingone i can no longer check in, post a photo or status.
lenten ratingone can only like things and comment on an existing status.
lennine ratingtwo i can put certain pictures in certain albums anymore -.-
lenthree ratingthree force close error!!
lensixteen ratingthree it's shows only 30 notifications and try to store it on sd card it cover upto 26mb...!
leneleven ratingone i'm using an older version now that at least loads
lensixteen ratingtwo how do you put something as your cover photo, and how do you delete your comments ?
leneleven ratingone it just stops uploading and i have to restart my phone
lenthirteen ratingthree crashes quite a lot and the option to delete comments does not exist
lenthree ratingtwo been force closing!
lenseven ratingone can't upload photos from my note 2.
lenten ratingone this app is very slow please update to better version..
lentwentysix ratingtwo but on this update i try to look at a photo on my news feed, and it shows a totally different picture i saw mimutes ago.
lenfour ratingthree cant update a status.
lenten ratingthree update the app so it will sync with google again...
lenthirteen ratingtwo haven't been able to upload pics taken on mt gs3 gor a while.
lensix ratingone can't view any pictures now.
lenseventeen ratingone if you force shut the app after continual crashes it totally shuts down ur cellnet data connection.
lentwentyone ratingtwo every time i use this app it closes on me, sometimes its within a minute or two, other times its immediately!
lentwentytwo ratingtwo when i'm lucky enough for it to stay open for a little while its pretty slow and has lots of glitches!
lentwentyfive ratingone if it would run at a reduced size or had a reasonably functional widget it wouldn't be so bad, but full screen its shocking!
lenfive ratingone hd tablet optimised app please.
leneleven ratingone this apps so rubbish it wont even let me install it .
lenten ratingthree good app drains battery like crazy because it never closes...
lenfour ratingone can't upload pictures
lenten ratingfour its really slow and it eats the phone memory :s !
leneight ratingfour and why the hell cant i save pictures -.-"
lenseven ratingtwo too much memory is used by app.... :-(
leneleven ratingtwo and when i try to use emojis in chat facbook crashes :-( :-(
lentwelve ratingtwo i opened this app this morning and it won't even update.
leneight ratingone i cannot log in so 1 star for now.
lennine ratingfour good app but some time its working bit slow.
lentwentytwo ratingone cant open comments sections at all, it takes at least 90 secs to view most of my friends images and list goes on.
lentwentyfive ratingone what is most frustrating is that i get notifications on phone pn&can open comments, et aol, before i even get notified on my tablet.
lenfifteen ratingfour it easy to play but it hard when i log in to play other account
leneighty ratingthree i give it a 3 star because 1 for me to change my cover i cnt change it when im using the app i could only go on my phone internet yo go to facebook & change the cover & i really hate that so yeaa & plus sometime my status dnt go up or pics dnt go up but yeaaa till ya have this fix its gonna be 3 stars but when its fixed & its fixed good ill give it a 5 star than so yeah
lentwentyfive ratingone always loseing connection, and never being able to veiw pics it will never load them even when you click on the pic to inlagre it!
lensix ratingtwo app is slow after last update.
lenseven ratingtwo not uploading or downloading photos, very disappointed.
lenfive ratingtwo i am not getting notifications.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo besides it is using up 23.4mb of my phone's ram. for low end phones like galaxy y, this is too much.
lentwentyfour ratingone the new facebook is no no good cause it always shuts down i can't see the pictures half the time it just bad!!!!
lenseven ratingthree how can i change my cover pic?
lenthirteen ratingthree i can't change my cover pic and profile pic after recent update.
leneleven ratingthree are u going to introduce another app to change cover pic?
lenfive ratingone slowly again after updated sucks!
lensix ratingone cannot view any pictures after update!
lensix ratingone now i cant see driends pictures.
leneleven ratingone loading issues, "cant find secure connection", if i delete a post..
leneight ratingone i cant close pictures if i open them..
leneight ratingone it won't let me upload photos now??
lensixteen ratingone i click on a fuckin image n it takes be back to pics from 5 days ago...
lennineteen ratingone used to work wonderfully, now however it causes me to lose my connection, leaving me unable to refresh anything.
lentwentythree ratingthree finally stepping it up  edit: seems since latest update that now images aren't always showing up in news feed or when selected.
leneleven ratingone after updated, my update status doesn't appear in my wall..
lenfive ratingone now can't post pics.
lennine ratingthree since the update its not letting me upload pictures..
lentwelve ratingone since downloading this app i can't write on people's wall!!!
lenthirtyfour ratingone i'm not a big fan of facebook, personally i think it's had it's day, but, when i do feel the need to message one of my mates it very rarely connects.
lentwenty ratingone all i get is 'connection error - retry', even with the strongest mobile internet connection it only connects now and again.
lentwelve ratingtwo won't open half the time, won't update when it does.
lentwentysix ratingone really frustrating to get to editing a long post and accidentally touch the feed wall behind the comment box and have all that swyping disappear forever.
lensixteen ratingthree this got to get better i'm tierd it keep freezeing i'm done installing uninstalling.
lenfourteen ratingone gps locks and won't go away, even if you force stop the app.
lenthree ratingone cant post status.
lenfive ratingone can't view photos wtf!
lensix ratingtwo im having issues uploading my photos.
leneleven ratingthree we want delet unwanted  comment no option for that otherthan good .
lensixteen ratingtwo after long time i use this app, this app haven't been able to update status......
lenfour ratingone pictures do not load.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo it works good but its stupid how it don't tell you anyones birthdays no more or that it showes someone that u stole a picture frim them that's stupid
lentwelve ratingtwo after it updates it won't allow me to view pictures etc
leneleven ratingfour in the settings it won't let you change your password!
lenfour ratingthree plz fix force close :(
leneight ratingthree and make remove comments and poke friends avilable....
lenthirty ratingone ive had it downloaded on my phone, had to delete it for storage space and i cleared that out before trying to install it said file is invalid or something..
lentwelve ratingone its just dumb that now all.of a sudden i cant download
lentwenty ratingone anytime it updates you cant see nothing on fb and you have to delete the hole app and redownload it.
lenseven ratingone all the pictures are a gray block
lentwo ratingtwo extremely slow
lenthirteen ratingone no pictures load on your news feed or when you click into it.
lennine ratingone pics and thumbnails won't load after last update.
lenseven ratingone takes forever to load, even on wifi.
lenfour ratingone so many fraud notifications!
lenseven ratingone please stop all of this pornography advertisment.
lenfive ratingone all advertisment should be gone.
lensixteen ratingtwo this app use to be great but now the status's on the widget never update.
lenten ratingtwo so now i'm constantly reading the same status's.
lenten ratingthree i can t found my likes pages in this update......
lenten ratingone the latest update will not allow me to refresh anything.
lenfive ratingone keep getting network error, wtf?!
lentwentyeight ratingthree takes forever to load when i first open the app and force closes a lot and is always telling me i have no connection when i have 5 bars!
lenthirty ratingone i haven't been able to update  my status from my phone now for about 3 weeks, i also can't upload a picture, share anything or write on friends walls.
lenfifteen ratingone it's just a useless app taking up room on my phone for no reason.
lenthirteen ratingtwo now it is super slow and pictures won't even try to load.
lenthirteen ratingone too slow to load images and pages, sometimes it doesn't even load.
lensix ratingone wont launch at all since update.
leneleven ratingtwo when i try to look at pictures they won't load
leneight ratingone very slow even when i'm on wifi.
lenfourteen ratingone when ever i am trying to upload a photo, it says uploading failed after 100%.
lentwenty ratingone the app crashes, pictures loading last to much, besides the news feed shows  "most recent" but it shows "top stories"
lenfourteen ratingtwo facebook on nexus 7 had been slow lately and now won't even connect anymore.
lensix ratingone can't even update my status.
lensixteen ratingone you would think fb would have an amazing app with all the fat money they make.
lensixteen ratingtwo it keeps force closeing and not loading and freezing please fix other wise it is great
lentwentyfive ratingfour i am always having to exit the app and reopen it for pages to load, and most of the time that doesn't even work.
lentwelve ratingfour i don't want to look at the loading icon all day.
lentwelve ratingtwo by using updated one can not able to post on my wall.
leneight ratingtwo i think till slow to shiw the pictures.
leneighteen ratingtwo and when i post status or comments they cant to upload and i'll write again and again.
lenfive ratingtwo it won't load pictures
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the bad: when i type more than a few words in a post or comment, the app freezes, more often than not. i lose everything i typed and have to start again.
lenfifteen ratingfour also: there's no way to upload a photo directly to one person's wall.
lenthirty ratingfour another neat option, if the developer wanted to make this really awesome, is an option to pre-cache recent posts by friends and in groups, for offline (aka subway) viewing.
lenseventeen ratingfour and dare i dream of posting comments offline, that post as soon as i get reception again?
lennineteen ratingone ever since it upgraded, it shuts down and locks me out with a black screen for a good 10 mins.
lentwentysix ratingone makes it really hard to talk to him when i can't even stay in it for more than a few minutes without being kicked out.
lentwentyfour ratingone i love updating fb when i can wish it would be better statuses arent updating and pictures dont upload have to upload 3 or 4 times.
lenseventeen ratingtwo freezes up when i click on pictures and is always having to be shut down and reopened.
leneleven ratingone since latest up date i can no longer view any photos
lentwentyfive ratingone regularly asks to find all of my phone contacts on facebook. i don't want to do this, but i can't permanently dismiss it.
lenfifteen ratingone i wouldn't advise anyone to download it because it makes the phone go blank.
lenfifteen ratingthree the app notifications don't always work, and updating your news feed can take forever.
lentwentyone ratingone i can't delete spam comments from photos, i cant delete post i sent and i can't delete photos slow
lenseven ratingone its always force closing, pictures never load...
lenseven ratingone very slow and doesn't refresh often....
lenseven ratingone this wont let me go in facebook !!!
lenfifteen ratingone none of the photos people post on facebook are showing up on my samsung galaxy.
lenseven ratingone it doesn't want to load anything!
leneight ratingone it won't load photos, timelines, newsfeed, etc.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i have given up posting or searching on facebook too many times because app is incredibly slow.
lentwentythree ratingtwo every sense i installed the update, i can't post a status update,  it never posts mo matter how many times i try.
leneleven ratingtwo i have to post timeline photos twice b4 it actually uploads them.
lentwelve ratingtwo i don't get half the news feeds,  i miss a lot!
lenten ratingtwo oh not to mention it always has a network error.
lenseven ratingone notifications on phone home screen are gone.
leneight ratingone open the app and it shows pending notifications.
lenten ratingone no add/reply to comments section in your own albums.
lensixteen ratingthree i can't change my cover photo & i'm unable to view pics in my timeline...
lenten ratingone space hog that gets bigger and bigger with each incarnation.
lensix ratingone the bloat is unacceptable, and unnecessary.
lennine ratingone no longer worth the amount of space it requires.
lentwentytwo ratingthree ok i can't up load any photos from my galary to facebook both through the facebook app or through the galary.
lennine ratingfour having issues now trying to upload photos to facebook.
lentwo ratingone wont load.
lenthirteen ratingtwo does not properly show the most recent statuses when i selection most recent.
lenten ratingone can't change my profile pic or my cover photo.
lenfive ratingone can't update my status.
lentwentyfour ratingone at least i can see what my family and friends are up to too bad they can't see what i'm up to.
lenseven ratingone can't write on friends walls anymore.
lensix ratingone deletes comments after i leave them.
leneight ratingone almost impossible to change cover photo on mobile.
leneleven ratingone on friend/group pages, "see more" option doesn't work anymore.
lenseventeen ratingone so there's about two weeks or so of recent posts that can't be seen anymore.
lennine ratingone countless times i receive "network error" alerts/force closes.
lentwelve ratingone since the update, i can't see any photos of any kind.
lennineteen ratingthree also, we can change our cover photo in the old version, but in the new version, we can't. :(
lenfortyone ratingone disappointing can't save to sd card still ,wish u wud sort this then and this new up date been nothing but crap facebook takes ages to load kicks u off please sort this asap as its doing my head in
lenthree ratingone app loads slooooowly.
lenfour ratingone constant receive "network errors"
lensixteen ratingtwo i can't upload photos, if i view a posted photo i have to press "back"
leneleven ratingtwo button a million times before it returns to my news feed.
leneight ratingtwo app is very slow and crashes a lot.
leneight ratingone can't even download it onto my tablet
lensix ratingone takes forever now to load pictures.
lenthirteen ratingone sometimes states there is no internet connection even if i have strong signal.
lenfour ratingone search bar not working.
lenfive ratingone some pages do not load.
lenten ratingone sfter the latest update i can't see any pictures.
lentwelve ratingone very hard to add a photo if your devices have plenty photos.
lenthirteen ratingone waiting thumbnails for minutes still cannot see the photo i want to post.
lentwelve ratingone should ask which app we would like to use to choose photos.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i have 4g and this is so slow updating that i rarely use of.
leneleven ratingtwo automatic updates do not work   i hope they fix this soon
leneight ratingone slow and 90% of the pictures don't load.
lentwentysix ratingone some of my posts or comments never shows, always says no connection when i have 4g service, slow loading, when i push like it does not work.
lensix ratingthree pictures don't moves very slow.
leneleven ratingthree the inbuilt messenger doesn't show any notification of new messages....
leneight ratingthree and can't get the notification of comments ....
lenfourteen ratingthree pls remove the inbuilt messenger app as i already have the fb messenger app....
leneleven ratingtwo but now fb loads forever about 60 of the time upon opening.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo happens more if an instance is running and i'm in another app and i use the notification bar to go to fb, and it loads, and loads, and never finishes... i
lentwentyfour ratingone no pictures since the last update, sorry i updated now, fix this problem soon, right now i hate facebook, no since in getting on!!
lenseven ratingone where did my friends button go too???
leneleven ratingone this app is useless keeps force closing and not  working properly
lenseventeen ratingone i have updated this app at least 9 times and every time it takes up more memory space.
leneight ratingtwo there is no proper share option for video...
leneight ratingtwo we need to download the video to share...
lensix ratingone i can't do status updates....
leneleven ratingone very slow, pictures don't load and doesn't notify me .
lenseven ratingfive too much ram consuming n sloe speed
lentwelve ratingfour after i update this i can't see my status updates & sharings.
lennine ratingone i got sick of waiting for everything to load.
lenseven ratingone because it's takes 32 mb in phone.
lenten ratingone and it is not loading always it shows connection failed.
lentwelve ratingthree i keep losing a specific friend and relationship status every other day.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i keep having to request my fiance' and change my status again and again, ive disabled the built in app and re enabled it, if nothing changes then im done with it.
lensixteen ratingthree all photos over 100 likes or comments say 98 likes and comments other than that it's alright
leneleven ratingtwo every time i try to open the app my phone freezes.
lenseventeen ratingfour the app is getting better but one thing i am clueless about is removing or editing comments...
lenthree ratingone cant losd pics...
lenthree ratingone cblack screen issue..
lentwo ratingthree move slow
lentwo ratingone slow, hands..
lenten ratingtwo everything is fine except you can't see any pics!!
lensix ratingtwo notifications , messages, feeds are always delayed.
lenfour ratingfive pictures are bugged though.
lensixteen ratingfour i will give it 5 stars if it stops logging me out when im typing a message!
lenseven ratingone when i tried logging in,  it crashes!
lenfifteen ratingthree sort the mobile facebook out i do not want to see post from yesterday hummm
leneleven ratingone ps-sumtyms says no network even though my internet is working.
lenseven ratingtwo can't even see my notifications anymore...
lenfive ratingone push notifications is not working!
lenthirtyone ratingone i do find the app good because i could share a post easily than my previous app that i used but it is so very memory consuming and it sometimes crash....
lenthirtynine ratingone at first i wasn't going to let something like being unable to upload photos on a consistent basis bother me, but then all of the force closing, network error, and lag made me want to flip a table.
lensix ratingtwo loading of pictures is so slow
leneight ratingone and when it does pictures will not load!
lenten ratingone haven't seen a photo on this phone in 2 weeks
lensix ratingtwo contacts won't sync on nexus 4.
leneight ratingtwo constant network problems whether on wifi or data.
lenfive ratingtwo slow on top of that.
lentwelve ratingone click on a photo and a small loading circle whirls for infinity.
lenseventeen ratingone i constantly have to shut down the app and open it again just to view a photo.
leneight ratingone sucks in term of viewing others timeline/page..
lentwentythree ratingone fix it pal, it often crash or laggy when i tried to view others fb timeline even though the wifi or 3g is full..
lenfive ratingfour plz fix to send videos
leneight ratingone why cant i write back from a comment..
lenfour ratingfour can't upload video.
lenten ratingone haven't been able to write a status in mouths.
lenten ratingone my pictures don't download you can never see them...
lenseven ratingtwo pictures not opening on friends status updates...
lenfourteen ratingone wont let me comment on status, or upload pictures smh hurry up fix something
lenthree ratingone load of rubbish...
lentwentythree ratingthree but in my current experience i have been shut out anytime i try and attach photos to both private messages and public posts...
lenten ratingthree i also experience force closings when trying to scroll comments!
lenthree ratingtwo always force close
leneight ratingone very slow loading news feed, comment and photo.
leneleven ratingtwo and constantly have to uninstall and reinstall because of none loading.
lennine ratingthree its tooo slow and the widget doesn't w
lennine ratingone slows down force closes and does not upload pics.....
lenten ratingone notifications don't load properly and photos fail to upload...
lennine ratingtwo since the latest update it always says "network error"
lensixteen ratingtwo while i'm connected to wifi plus i can't change my profile pic or anything.
lenfifteen ratingfive but could be better if would be able to upload multiple photos like in iphone
lentwentyone ratingtwo unable to update my status or post on anyone's wall - disappointing for an mobile app for use "on the go"
lensixteen ratingtwo why can i no longer delete comments, or change my cover photo from the mobile app?
lennine ratingone sucks i hate it want to delete my profile
lenseven ratingthree very very slow to operate really disappointed:-(:-(:-(:-(:-(
lenthirteen ratingthree it sometimes takes forever to load and the chat box is my messages .
lenfive ratingtwo slow and freezes to much!!!!!
lenthirtyfour ratingfour i'm running an htc desire android phone and when i try to use the "record voice" it tells me that "error creating audio attachment" i was lookin forward to that specific add-on.
lenfive ratingone it won't load anymore.
lensix ratingone i can't upload pictures anymore!!!
lenthirteen ratingthree it's like a soccer player drinking 9 sodas a day -- fat and slow.
leneight ratingone very slow and doesn't update news feed
lenfour ratingone also slow response time.
lenthree ratingone constant network errors.
lenfour ratingone and long load times.
lentwentythree ratingone when it shows where u are located it's on where when you start a post but doesn't go on the wall.
lenfourteen ratingone its soooo slow loading won't let you delete anything on ur news feed.
lennine ratingone location showed when posted and now it doesn't.
lenseven ratingone constant network errors, lost of internet connection!
lennine ratingfour i would like to be able to edit comments.
lenseventeen ratingone ever since the update that was supposed to fix issues with pictures, pictures don't load properly.
leneight ratingone network errors constantly, even with full wi-fi.
lenfive ratingone takes forever to load photos.
lennineteen ratingtwo at least i'm not the only one having issues with the new update and the lack of pictures.
lennine ratingtwo i too can only see text and some thumbnails.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i also have it acting like i don't have a connection but i do.
leneight ratingone i can't view any pictures or videos .
lentwentythree ratingone this app is not loading profile pictures on my newsfeed, it doesn't allow me to view my own pictures that i upload.
lenfourteen ratingone haven't been able to download pic from my phone for a week now!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingtwo keeps showing top posts all the time even after changing to most recent.
lentwentysix ratingone some of my posts or comments never shows, always says no connection when i have 4g service, slow loading, when i push like it does not work.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo this app is a poor facebook app freezes all the time and doea not give option of uploading pics to specific folders and slow operating
lensixteen ratingthree love the latest features but i can't get it to load like it used to.
lentwentyone ratingthree please fix the bugs it force closes every time when opening the app & can't it be sent to sd card....
lenseven ratingthree hangs and does not update my feed.
lensixteen ratingone i always have problems trying to see picks on my wall because it refuses to load.
leneleven ratingone i get network error even tho i have perfect service and 3g.
leneighteen ratingone when i share to many photos and what-not i get blocked for two days from sharing anything!
lentwentysix ratingone i don't get all if my notification, and can't see a lot of what my liked pages are posting cause its just not there. >=(
lenfifteen ratingtwo lots of waiting for simple posts to load, and it's not a connection issue.
lennineteen ratingone pictures don't load, way too many ads and sponsored posts, it just seems to get worse and worse.
lenfour ratingone screen just goes black.
lenfifteen ratingone i watch youtube and use everything it was ok but why facebook say "lost connection"?!?!?!?
lenfourteen ratingone why i cant post my status, it always says cant post at tis time????
lentwelve ratingone the major problem, i believe is you somehow created a memory leak.
lenfortytwo ratingone i say this because i noticed the more you use the app, the progressively worse it gets, until it doesnt even open or when it needs more memory for lets say a message and a notification at the same time, it crashes.
lenthirtyone ratingone other than that as of right now images do not load the correct image, they skip to a different image, constantly gives false no connection warnings, cannot delete posts plus more.
lennine ratingtwo got it updated and it's so slow now....
leneighteen ratingone my s planner in my galaxy s3 freezes when i sync it if im logged in this facebook app!
leneight ratingthree slow, can't view pictures sometimes, drains battery.
lenthirteen ratingthree since the update i can't upload pictures, it just fails every time
lenten ratingtwo this app is not letting me upload photos or videos.
leneleven ratingthree takes forever to load anything, even if i'm using wifi.
lensix ratingthree freezes and restarts all the time.
lentwelve ratingfour when a failed upload can't be cleared from the notification window.
lenfifteen ratingfour awesome facebook app but pls upgrade cause i can't remove or delete a comments.
lenthree ratingone very slow app
lenseven ratingone this app sucks it won't load
leneight ratingone it does not want to update my feeds.
lennine ratingone wont let me update my status or do anything!
lensixteen ratingone every 5th item in my stream is a suggested post or a suggestion to like a page.
lentwentysix ratingone update: in this latest version every time i start this app it has a pop up requesting access to my contacts so it can find friends.
lensixteen ratingthree there needs to be alerts for messages to your phone when you don't have wifi .
lenthirty ratingthree because it is terriable that when someone uploads a photo of you and you get the alert but when they send you a message you don't get an alert.
lenfifteen ratingthree for almost 2 weeks i have not been able to update my status using this app.
lenfifteen ratingone everything is super slow and network errors when my connection is strong, and forced closes.
lentwentyone ratingone i've now had to uninstall the latest update because it intermittently stopped the touch screen working on my desire hd.
leneleven ratingone its really very slow evn with 3ga it works slow so bad
leneight ratingone i cannot post my status on my wall
lennine ratingtwo won't load at all most of the time.
lentwentysix ratingfour only problem is that you can't chose which album you wanna upload your pic to and you can't change some things which gets annoying.
lenfour ratingone slowest app ever seen...
lenfourteen ratingone hangs like all the time and when using the search it is the slowest....
lentwentyone ratingone gives connection error and the most irritating thing when i open notifications of fb from my notification bar they dont open.....
lenthirteen ratingone i hv to again search that notification in the notification icon..... x-( x-(
lenthree ratingtwo constant force close.
lenseven ratingtwo takes forever to load pictures and comments.
leneleven ratingtwo delete feature removed so can't delete own statuses and comments.
lensix ratingone tryna fix this it always crash
lenfour ratingone it crashes every 5 minutes !
leneighteen ratingone i can't update my status , can't change my cover photo , & its so much slower the before .
leneleven ratingone i can't even post a status anymore it just sucks
lentwentythree ratingtwo can't upload pics for 5 days straight now.half the time it shows statuses from days ago, but not the 1 i just posted.
lenfive ratingone it will not load pictures
lentwentythree ratingone i like being able to pick which album to upload pics to, i just wish i could create an album through this app....
lenthirteen ratingone it also still tells me network error when my connection is perfectly fine
lenfive ratingone still can't upload pictures.
lensix ratingone i can't view any pictures.
lenninetysix ratingthree this app is slow you can't change covers and facebook should have music so that when someone enters your profile music of your choice plays that will be cool and make the app fast and the option to change covers :d make it happen ill give you 3 stars but if you guys have all this options i mention 5 stars oh yea and have the option were we cant hit like on the friend feeds cause when i scroll down i click like without me liking the picture or video or any c my friends post :/
leneleven ratingone i have not been able to post anything or share anything.
lenthirteen ratingone won't let me type without having to put my own spaces in.
lenfourteen ratingone won't let me post on others walls or tag them in my posts.
lentwelve ratingthree the only issue i'm currently having is with the search bar.
lenfive ratingone won't load new feeds.
lenthree ratingone problems uploading photos.
lenfortyfour ratingtwo my phone hasn't got a big internal memory but it doesn't help when before i even log in the app size goes from 19.something mb to 24.something mb and up to 29 mb as soon as i log in, is those really necessary?
lentwenty ratingtwo everything was going good but now i caint upload photos like its always something new come on guys tighten up
lennine ratingthree too slow crashes n i have issues uploading pics
lennine ratingone the connection is awful and i have a 4g connection.
leneight ratingone the slowest facebook application ever in the world!!!
lentwentyone ratingthree it should only sync with contacts in my cell phone not fb friends who list a phone number with their account.
lenfifteen ratingthree a lot of times if i click on a picture a different one shows up.
leneight ratingthree and i can't delete my own comments.
lentwentythree ratingone facebook won't allow me to update my status on either my facebook  app or mobile site on my razr hd's browser.
lenfour ratingone stop the money ads
lenten ratingone this app keeps getting worse can't even update now
lenten ratingfour can we get an unfollow plus an edit button please?
leneight ratingthree should have better and faster networking signed jada
lenten ratingone pictures don't load to be viewed or commented on.
lensixteen ratingone was working fine last week,but now i can't upload pictures on my galaxy iii
lenfifteen ratingone does not load pictures, does not connect, has and error for everything to many ads..
lenten ratingone net work error it says & don't load fix it!!
lentwelve ratingtwo done the last update i have not  been able to view photos...
lenthree ratingone hardly loads anything.
lennineteen ratingfive its a good app its fast on my galaxy s 3 but on the straight talk phones its really slow.
lenseven ratingthree i can no longer view any pictures!
lennine ratingone cannot get pictures to load at all since update
lenseven ratingone very veryyyy slow other than opening photos...
lenfourteen ratingtwo keeps saying i hate a network connection problem even when i have all bars
lensix ratingone it crash during like any status
lenfour ratingone very bad and slow
lenfive ratingone very slow & not perfect application.
lentwentyseven ratingthree i hate it that when there is a problem posting a comment, the app erases everything i typed in, instead of holding the content for another try!
leneight ratingone why dont i have the option to uninstall?
lenthirtynine ratingone i have a motorola electrify 2 (not an old pos phone so this app should work on my phone) it wont allow me to post status and says theirs errors when up loading pics or sending pics in email's.
lenthirteen ratingone something it unlikes it and goes back to the top of the page.
lentwenty ratingone it crashes a lot in the background, syncs useless info to my phone, & the stuff that goes on facebook nowadays.
lenfour ratingone slowest app of any.
lenseven ratingfour cant edit & delete comment , cant saving photo
lenfive ratingfive why cant load anything oso?
lennine ratingtwo it also won't let me upload my pictures...
lentwelve ratingthree please try to reduce the size of app with all this features..
lenfifteen ratingfour i don't understand why it needs to access so much stuff from ur phone..
lenthirteen ratingfour some things are understandable but others are an invasion of privacy, pretty much!
lentwenty ratingfour great app but would be better if i could update my status or post on peoples timeline using my galaxy s2
lenten ratingfive why i cannot post status and checkin on my wall?
lentwelve ratingthree anybody know how to download/save a picture/foto with this app?? :/
lentwentysix ratingone unable to update status pretty bad i have to use my husbands iphone if i wish to check in or do updates when not at home....
lentwelve ratingtwo quit filling my pages with ads for products i don't want!
lenfive ratingone none of the pictures load.
lenthirty ratingtwo since the update i can't post a status or share friends post do not update it was working fine before i live on fb so i need this fixed
leneleven ratingone haven't been able to log on since the latest update.
lentwentyone ratingthree it would be a 3 1/2, i miss the feature to change your background picture, it sucks, bring it back or i uninstall!
leneight ratingone can no longer upload photos without location info.
lenthirteen ratingone if i want location info on my photo i will add it myself.
lentwentytwo ratingthree each time i look at a picture it directs me to the picture that person posted before the one i click on.
lentwenty ratingone ever since the update, it has been running very slow and will not even load recent updates 90% of the time.
leneight ratingtwo all the sudden, i cant see any pictures.
lenfortysix ratingone the issues that i am having are as follows: when i, or any of my friends post messages on our statuses, no matter how much time has passed in reality,  it always says "just now". whether i tap to enlarge, or not, it will not show.
leneighteen ratingone and, just a few minutes ago, i tried to leave my review, but even that had a problem!
lenfive ratingfive wasting my time, lagging application .
lenten ratingone its really slow and takes a long time to load -_____-
lenten ratingone it takes up too much internal storage on my phone.
lentwentytwo ratingone they need to give me the option of moving it to my sd card, or they need to make the file smaller.
lenfifteen ratingone fb takes up the most storage than any other app i have on my phone.
lenfive ratingone it takes ages to load.
lennineteen ratingone i can't even use it any more without rolling my eyes and waiting for ut to show content.
lentwelve ratingone it has a really nice aspect but it just crashes too much.
leneleven ratingone i have perfect signal and facebook keeps telling me error page
lenten ratingthree cannot leave or change my status from my phone galaxy 3.
lenfourteen ratingthree facebook was perfectly fine until this last update now pictures don't show up.
lenthree ratingthree statutes wont post.
lenthree ratingthree runs really slow.
lentwentythree ratingthree i have always had the pictures on fb show well on my android phone, but recently they are not showing up at all.
lenseventeen ratingthree i even got wifi installed, thinking that would help, and no change on either status at all.
lensix ratingone i can't see pictures anymore.
leneleven ratingone news feed doesn't load, just an endless little spinning circle.
lenfifteen ratingone for one, i hate the fact i can't sort my newsfeed by most recent.
lenfour ratingone it keeps forcing close.
lenfive ratingone i can't delete comments.
lentwelve ratingone most of the time there is no messaging button on people pages.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo can you please fix the picture issue seems like its an issue to some so please exhibit good customer service and fix this please
lenseventeen ratingtwo when ever i go on at a random time it will go back to my home page
lenfive ratingthree it keeps saying "no connection"
lenfourteen ratingthree ive even sat right next to the router and it keeps saying "no connection"
lenfive ratingthree cant you change the widget?
lenthirtyeight ratingone since the new update every time i click on a photo from my news feed i get a different photo from the same album i go back and it happens again this happens a about 5-9 times per photo
lenfive ratingtwo my sync contacts button disappeared?
lenthirty ratingtwo worked fine before but now it's not showing me the most recent posts it's showing me last weeks posts and i have it set to show recent posts
lenfifteen ratingone nothing will load unless you have wifi on and it forces close all the time!
lenten ratingone why i can't update my status and upload myphotos?
lenthirtyfour ratingone one almighty, sleazy mess: force closes 90% of all commands; forces me to read news feed at their pace and won't allow me to like or comment if i read at my own pace!
lentwelve ratingone force feeds me lying ads saying my friends like things they despise!
leneight ratingone will not post link displays or upload media.
lennine ratingone won't update my wall display or comment threads :(.
lennine ratingone i cant even update statuses like tf is that?
leneight ratingtwo like the timeline format but map is terrible.
leneight ratingtwo privacy policy confusin on purpose i'm sure.
lenthirty ratingfour i have say one things thats is to much space it take up and it make your phone run slower then it is i like facebook but  cannot take this
leneleven ratingone i'm not understanding why this app keeps saying "network unavailable"
lennineteen ratingthree it was good at first time  but at the last update was bas casuse it didnt want to start
lenfour ratingone it's sooooo slow.
lensixteen ratingone why have the last few updates make it to where the pictures don't load correctly???
lentwentytwo ratingone all i ask you to do is fix this app so i can actually see the pictures because they are not loading.
lensixteen ratingone it takes over 10 minutes of force close windows to go through before it will even work...
leneight ratingtwo app keeps force closing on my brand new gs3.
lensixteen ratingone for the last week i have not been able to view any photos through my app.
lenten ratingone very frustrating when over half of your newsfeed involves photos.
lennine ratingone it seems i can't upload pictures any more.
lenseventeen ratingtwo since the new update, any picture i upload from my phone will not show on my timeline!!
lennine ratingtwo it wont load pictures or videos on the app..
lenthree ratingtwo network error stuff
lenfifteen ratingone i can't update status and see this is a common theme with the galaxy s3.
leneight ratingone can't post any thing through my phone!!!
lenfourteen ratingone initially this app worked very well but now it absolutely will not upload photos.
lentwentytwo ratingone also, it no longer shows the city when you update your status which really makes it appear inferior to the ios app
lenfour ratingone cant comment or post.
lenfour ratingone keeps closing and freezing.
leneleven ratingtwo nice app i would give 5 star if it supports sd card...
lenseven ratingtwo plss provide sd card for this app
lentwenty ratingone fix facebook its so annoying to have to force close the app all the time bcuz the update is crap
lenten ratingone slow, errors and not very clean interface like iphone app...
leneleven ratingfive thank you so much for fixing facebook's uploading status problem.
lensix ratingone nothing but problems since  loaded msgr .
lenseven ratingone it takes forever to load, not cool.
leneight ratingone update: 2/11/13 saying network error when my 4g is full..
lenten ratingone also, can u please make an option to "unfollow post"
lentwenty ratingtwo very rarely refreshes newsfeed, and tells me it can't post my status as there is a problem, but when.
lentwenty ratingone i can't update my status i can't look and my group comments upload photos or comment on anything.
lenfive ratingone takes up 28mb on my phone.
lentwentyfour ratingone i can't put updates on photos because the key pad blocks the comment area so i can't see what i've typed.
lenfourteen ratingone the problem is that it either capitalizes every word or runs them all together.
lentwenty ratingone since it won't let me see the comment field while the keyboard is open  i can't fix it.
lenfourteen ratingfive update, then force close, go to manage app, clear data, restart fb, sign in...
lentwelve ratingone after the last update more times than less it just sits loading.
lenseven ratingone this app keeps locking up my phone.
lenseven ratingone wont show posts and keeps shutting off.
leneleven ratingone really slow, no network,feed is slow,pictures won't upload.
lentwelve ratingone on my tablet i have great connection for everything but this app....
lennineteen ratingthree however, when viewing photos, captions are not supported. i can't browse through them and read every single line.
lenseventeen ratingthree plus, the photos most of the time load relatively slow despite the brilliant speed of the internet.
lenthree ratingone application keeps freezing.
lenfour ratingone forcing close a lot.
lentwenty ratingone doesn't allow me to like comments, i have to exit post and go back in to like other comments.
lentwenty ratingone the photo upload never works & i see items in newsfeed that were from over a week ago mixed in; lame.
lenthirteen ratingone app doesn't upload anything since my htc thunderbolt received the 4.0.4 ics update.
lennine ratingone can't update status, upload pics or get notifications.
lensix ratingfive it opens , but won't load
lensix ratingfour the 'pages' option no longer appears.
lentwelve ratingtwo doesn't let me update says in sufficient storage which is false!!!
lensix ratingthree consumes large space on internal mem.
lenseven ratingthree should have a move to sd option.
lentwenty ratingone can't move this application to sd card i don't have memory its too big and i uninstall it :(
leneight ratingone it keeps telling me the file in invalid
leneighteen ratingone you want people to use your service, however from the comments and ratings i have seen and read .....
lenten ratingone it force closes non stop, you cant delete comments, etc!!
lentwentyfour ratingfive but pls fix the privacy settings whenever i post status or photo i cant even choose who is only allowed to view my post.
lentwentyfour ratingfive pls add a specific person option button in custom and the gallery whenever i upload photo i cant choose wich album i can select.
lenthree ratingone constantly force closes!!!
lentwenty ratingthree my particular hate is not being able to download/save photos from the app, fine for doing other tasks though
lentwenty ratingone won't load images on my sony ericsson arc s, just flicks between 3g and h, on virgin network in aus.
lenseventeen ratingone it makes my notification bar dissapear along with my keyboard and freezes my phone until i reboot.
lenseven ratingone frustrated i can't upload my pics!!!
lenthirty ratingtwo this app keeps on closing, it freezes & gets stuck, this app has never been as good as the blackberry version, none of the updates seem to sort the problems out.
lentwentyeight ratingone photos don't load, content never loads, it's show, and just never works in general... how can a multi billion dollar company have such a crappy app??
lensixteen ratingone for some reason facebook takes to long to load now days so it becomes very boring!!!
lenfive ratingone it never refreshes status updates.
lenfive ratingone now i cant upload pics!
lenfifteen ratingone when i try repeatedly it ends up posting 47 of the same pic an hour later
lenten ratingone it takes for ever to load does not push notifications.
lenthree ratingone cannot update status.
leneleven ratingfive have not been able to look at pictures since last update
lenseven ratingtwo doesn't want to refresh at all.
lenseven ratingone takes forever to refresh or  load comments
leneleven ratingtwo pictures and videos won't load while looking at news feed.
leneight ratingfour can you fix the network error message thanks
lenten ratingone it keeps stopping after 5 seconds of opening it, please help
lentwelve ratingtwo the app is functional but after disabling it my battery life tripled.
lenfourteen ratingthree it has improved some but still some bugs that need worked out & really slow!
leneight ratingone loads so slow and sometimes not at all...
lensixteen ratingone it used to work great but after the last update, it won't show new posts.
lenseventeen ratingtwo cant delete my photos comments fix it an make it faster it hangs a lot thats all
lenfourteen ratingtwo gone from 3 stars to 2 because it seems to have network issues since the update.
leneighteen ratingtwo overall it looks better and i would give it 4 stars if it wasn't for the losing connection.
lenten ratingfour why can't select and copy the taxes in links.
leneight ratingone since last update i cant see any pictures...
lenseven ratingthree alot of times i want view pictures.
lenseven ratingthree and have a hardtime searching for people.
lensix ratingone it wont load pictures or videos.
lenseven ratingone not to mention it force closes constantly.
lensixteen ratingthree was about to write a good review until the screen started to flicker on this app..
lentwo ratingfive poor response
lensixteen ratingone photos won't load when i press them and if they do its a different photo!
lenfive ratingfour but sometimes loads too slow
lenfive ratingone news feed with unpredictable order.
leneleven ratingone impossible to find friends outside my contacts or a suggested list.
lenseven ratingone no notifications since i switched to 4.2 android.
lennine ratingone and it lags when i scroll even under wifi.
lentwentythree ratingone tried to upload photos (lots of them - 40) - first from my gallery as sharing, the phone showed it's done but nothing in facebook.
lenfour ratingone images & photos - not loading.
leneighteen ratingone it's not letting me get in the app just keeps having that circle going on and on.
lentwelve ratingthree keep the app installed to keep calendars and contact info in sync..
lenthree ratingtwo keep force close..
lensix ratingone works really slow >.< crashes my phone.
lenseven ratingfour facebook remains in memory after log out.
lenfour ratingfour takes up memory space.
lenten ratingfour as of march 28, 2012, when notifications come up, they are unclickable.
lentwentytwo ratingfour when the like button is clicked at the lower right of a picture, people who liked the photo are not brought up.
lenfour ratingfour inconsistency with mobile uploads.
lentwelve ratingfour even if photo option selected is view by friends, photos are unviewable.
lenten ratingone pictures haven't loaded on galaxy s1 in last couple weeks!
lensix ratingtwo it wont let me see pictures...
lenfourteen ratingone slows down all my other apps and crashes or freezes up all the time!
lensix ratingthree need to allow delete message again.
lenfortyeight ratingfour overall the app is good apart from every so often when i open an image (seems to be liked pages) it instantly reverts to the previous image the page has posted and i have to (end task) as so to speak for it to display the newest image.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour one other menial yet anoying problem is that when l zoom into an image while my phone is 'portrait' it automatically zoom's back to standard size but in 'landscape' l have no issues.
lenten ratingone every time i try and comment i get an error.
lensixteen ratingone when you click on a picture in your news feed, it shows a totally different picture...
lenseven ratingthree images are loading for days and days . . .
lennine ratingthree getting irritate and i cant change my profile pic
lenfifteen ratingone nothing loads, can't send messages on facebook's messenger,  comments don't load either.
lenseven ratingone slow, buggy and  doesnt show any pictures
lentwelve ratingtwo i can't update my status or  write on people's walls.
lenseven ratingone always sending updates on statuses and pictures.
lenthirteen ratingone some links on my facebook didn't work and were always constantly spooling.
lentwo ratingone space waster.
leneight ratingone always network error, and won't upload pictures!!
lenthirteen ratingfour i want to be able to put pictures in the album i want!!!
lenten ratingone click on app and just get a totally black screen.
lenfour ratingone never even force closes.
leneighteen ratingone updates for ages (sometimes doesn't update at all), whenever search for anything or anyone screen goes blank.
lenseventeen ratingfour i can get on facebook on my phone and also get notifications when i have a message.
leneighteen ratingone everytime i like a status or picture when i refresh i shows that i didn't like it
leneight ratingone it won't let me send a message
lenseven ratingtwo newsfeed doesn't seem to refresh properly.
lenseventeen ratingtwo old posts are mixed with new ones regardless of whether i select top stories or most recent.
lensixteen ratingone forces close and freezes constantly only since update, wish i'd left it as it was.
lentwentythree ratingone must've switched my phone off and on about 10 times today as this is only way to get it working when it freezes.
lenfour ratingone fuckin sucks wont load
lentwentytwo ratingfour within my friends list, i used to be able to filter between people/pages to view an alphabetical list of either category.
lentwentyeight ratingone every time i tried to give a review, it would always come up with an error, and i'd have to retry several times to get it posted!
lenten ratingone comments, photos, and other posts, simply will not show up.
lenseven ratingone it unlikes things after i push like.
lentwentythree ratingone i'm surprised i can still comment on things cause other than that all i can do is look at my news feed.
lenthirteen ratingtwo one question, just why this app can't  be move to sd card.
lentwenty ratingtwo when i tapped to see photos before a few updates ago, i could actually see the photo i tapped on.
lenthree ratingtwo snail mode activated
lenten ratingone slow & doesn't load pics or anything half the time !
lenthirteen ratingtwo cant login at the moment through app, but can through my l browser.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo it acts like its working but if i refresh the page or get on a computer none of my actions actually happened.
lensixteen ratingthree i haven't been able to update fb on phone for days and on occasion weeeks.
lensix ratingtwo i cannot change the cover picture.
lensixteen ratingone i haven't been able to use the search feature on this for almost two months!!!
lentwelve ratingone no matter what, the app will not let me reply to anything.
lensixteen ratingone no, facebook, i still don't want to add my phone contacts to my facebook friends.
lenseven ratingtwo just keeps spinning telling me to wait.....
lensix ratingone won't load anything & is slow...
lenfive ratingone Can't change profile picture.
lentwentyfive ratingfour Doesnt seem to be working everytime i go on it, it says it cant update anything so stuck with statuses from november saved on there!
lenfour ratingone Take forever to upload ....
leneight ratingone Painfully slow when it does decide to work.
leneleven ratingone I continually experience freezing, black screens, my phone gets locked up...
leneleven ratingthree Nice update but Can't upload pics from Samsung galaxy note 2.
lenseventeen ratingthree Is anyone else having problems seeing pictures on your wall or news feed? Non of them load.
lentwentyone ratingone I like the upgrade to it but HATE the fact that you cant erase your comments or others anymore thru phone.
lenthirteen ratingthree I really liked that I could delete comments by swiping left to right.
lensix ratingone Been getting a black screen lately...
lennine ratingthree Also freezes a lot and keeps saying network error.
leneighteen ratingone Will not load, and even when it does it force closes and freezes my phone, I uninstalled it!!!
lentwentytwo ratingthree It's only been happening recently, but none of the images appear and I get that 'cannot retrieve at this time' message.
lennine ratingone it stops working after my android os is upgraded....
lenthirty ratingone You took away the ability to choose albums, if a pic has more than 2 or 3 words in the description you can't read it anymore due to the popup feature.
lenfifteen ratingone You can't get to a person's profile through the pic unless they comment.
lenfourteen ratingone You can't get out of the pic without clicking back a dozen times.
lentwo ratingone Forces closed.
lenfour ratingone Notifications are falling apart.
lennine ratingthree This app works really slow after its last update.
lenfourteen ratingthree Also, everytime I view a photo, the app stops working and then force closes.
lentwentyfour ratingone I can't see pictures in my new feed and most of the time they don't load even when I click on them...
lennine ratingone seeing old status updates, although set to most recent.
lennineteen ratingone how stupid why cant i share pages or delete or edit conments this is a horrible app on optimus L9
lenfive ratingfour 1) Ability to unfollow a post.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour For example, when someone comments on a post, FB will blink blue the LED on the phone, and give a notification at the website. If I clear the notification at the website, the LED will still blink.
lensix ratingone No comments and likes are refreshing.
leneleven ratingone Have to click to comment to see the comments and likes.
leneleven ratingthree Since ive put the update in its not posting status's
lenthree ratingone Cant view anythin!!
leneight ratingtwo It's not letting me post my status...
lenfifteen ratingone Try to make a faster and lite version which consumes less battery, RAM and cpu !!!!
lenseventeen ratingone When will you fix tired of it no connection tion and freezes all the time stops responding
lentwentythree ratingfour My only complaint right now would be an issue that I noticed time ago but never took the time to provide my feedback.
lenten ratingone Always says no internet connection wen i have full service.
lenfourteen ratingone I have to clear cache/data and logoff and login to update news feed.
leneight ratingone My qwerty has glitches when typing comments/posts.
lennineteen ratingtwo I was so pleased with the update about a month ago until it started freezing and losing network connection!
lenfive ratingone Can't post from phone.
lenfive ratingone You cant delete posts either ???
lentwentyseven ratingone when I "like" someone's picture or status, it won't let me like it, I have to press several times to be able to "like" something.
lentwentyeight ratingone It almost never loads properly, usually losses the network connection, and worst of all, it has somehow managed to screw up the data connections for my other programs.
lentwo ratingone Network error?...
lenthirteen ratingone Hate the fact I can't swipe and delete comments please fix this
lenthirteen ratingtwo It won't let us change our cover photo for a new pic.
lenthree ratingone Force closes constantly!
leneighteen ratingone Won't upload my status, can't change my profile picture and it shows me network errors constantly.
lennine ratingone Won't even get into how slow it runs.
lennine ratingtwo Why can't I change my cover photo anymore????
lensix ratingone It wont load photos, profiles, comments.
lenseven ratingtwo It is laggy, even on a Nexus 4.
lentwelve ratingone Neither my own nor posts to other's status work any more.
leneleven ratingone It is just too easy to post errors from a phone.
lennine ratingone When you do bring it back, include edit also.
leneight ratingone Fix the black box that always says "foreclose!"
lenfour ratingone Can't post statuses.
lenseventeen ratingtwo I am not getting my notifications,n this is a brand nu samsung admire from metro pcs
lentwentyfive ratingone Don't show have the pics can't see who is on chat and can't share some can now can't get on Facebook
lentwelve ratingfour I can't change my cover photo on my profile no more.
lenseventeen ratingone After the last update I'm getting a constant network error and photo comments are not loading
leneight ratingone It doesn't update properly and crash often.
lennine ratingone This new version takes waaaaay too much internal MB.
lenthree ratingone Slow to respond.
lensix ratingone crashes an takes ages to update
lenfifteen ratingone It was working great now it force closes every time I try to open it!!!!!
lenten ratingone I look at a loading screen more than anything else.
lentwentytwo ratingone The amount of likes somebody gets on a status update as I scroll down my news feed aren't up to date.
lenthirteen ratingone Slow, problems with slow laggy updates and failure to view photos,at times.
lentwelve ratingone I can't post comments or photos And photos doesn't load.
lenthree ratingone Especially posting picture.
lentwo ratingone Constant crashing.
lenthree ratingone Network connection issues ....
lentwo ratingone Network Error?
lenfour ratingfour slow but nice options :-):-):-):-):-)
lensix ratingone The news feed shown is old...
lennine ratingone cant even like an album from the news feed...
lennineteen ratingthree Facebook forces all the things you hate and disabled on the PC to reappear in this still-flaky app.
lenseventeen ratingthree The most famous Facebook stupidity of non-editable posts becomes glaringly obvious when using a touch-screen.
leneight ratingone Network errors, painfully slow loading on a 4G connection.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Also I can't delete unwanted comments off of my timeline like before.
lenfourteen ratingone Keeps crashing, ughhh come out with something that works for the love of God!
lennineteen ratingthree Hate how long it takes to load, and then get network errors when I am connected to my wifi...
lennine ratingone Plus it's extremely slow to load new feeds.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree And also relised there was a lot missing on the app like can't delete comments you make or other people make on your things and you can't edit comments etc.
lensix ratingone Cant copy abd paste from posts.
lensix ratingone Cant delete pists on my phone.
lenten ratingone I can not post a status update or share anything!
leneleven ratingone And when will the black screen when viewing images be fixed?
lenfive ratingone The app is extremely slow.
lensix ratingone New notifications are not updated immediately..
leneight ratingone Uninstsllimg updates and rootuninstalling doubled battery life overnight.
leneleven ratingone For the DROID X Freezes and force closes all the time!
leneighteen ratingthree It starts to download then when it goes to actually install I get a message saying invalid package.
lenfive ratingthree Slow, takes forever to load.
lennine ratingone News feed is jacked up, won't stay current.
lenthirteen ratingone Using my cnm tablet, its terrible it always force closes as always laggy.
lensix ratingtwo No longer receive pokes in notifications
lentwentyfive ratingtwo Since last update I haven't been able to see any pictures unless I click on them or go to the browser and its slow.
lenthirteen ratingone This is bullshit, the homepage wont even load it just say connection error.
lennine ratingfour Unable to download it showing error no 497 any solution
lenthirteen ratingtwo Taken off another star as I can't change my cover photo anymore.
leneleven ratingtwo And when I "like" a status it doesn't save it.
lentwentynine ratingthree Although my settings are set to new stories first, they are never in the correct time order until I go into settings and click on new stories first again
leneighteen ratingthree Overall, its a good app, but i have found that it keeps force closing, or just black screens ):
leneight ratingone Noy working this app in my device, why?
lenfourteen ratingone Everything takes ages to update and recent stories list is all over the place.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Will Not load or allow me to do anything on it please fix
lenten ratingone Takes forever to load the contents even with WiFi connection.
lennine ratingone And the App can NOT be uninstalled nor stopped.
lennineteen ratingtwo Please bring the little camera symbol back in the right bottom corner so I can update my timeline picture.
lenseventeen ratingone Can't even delete comments on it and you can't see my actions on my profile
lenten ratingone It closes all the time  and will not load pictures.
lenseven ratingfour dislike because of such a slow speed
lenseven ratingone Can't load anything on my phone.
lennine ratingone It just keep on showing the network error sign
lentwo ratingone Slow loading.
lensix ratingfour I can't post status why?
lenthree ratingone Cant delete post.
lenseven ratingone Slow, force close, pictures don't load
lenfive ratingone It freezes and never loads.
leneleven ratingone The amount of times it just wont load, even on wifi...
lennineteen ratingone Please sort facebook i have a Samsung cant do anything with the app sits buffering for hours loading nothing.
leneight ratingone Such as error uploading pics or viewing photos
lenfifteen ratingone I used to check in often but with this latest release it's simply impossible.
lennineteen ratingfour I'm not having super lags like everyone else, but I'd appreciate a tablet ui for tablet users.
lenfive ratingone 4. Shuts my phone down randomly.
lenfourteen ratingone And after about 2 minutes anytime I like something it unlikes it and restarts itself.
lenthirteen ratingone This Facebook app keeps Force closing for no reason it's Absolutely Appalling.
lenthree ratingone Slow as hell
lenfifteen ratingone Also, I love how it freezes up my phone all the time (sarcasm there, too).
lentwenty ratingone Facebook is one of the most popular social networking sites but the app has always lagged way behind other apps.
leneighteen ratingone Half the time the app doesn't load or it says no network coverage but coverage is fine.
lenfifteen ratingone I need to press the back button like 8 times to get out of a picture.
lentwentysix ratingtwo This update is good but speed not so good and can't change cover photo also not able to delete our own comments from any pic
lentwelve ratingone GIVE US THE OPTION TO SAVE IMAGES THAT OTHER PAGES/PEOPLE SHARE!
lenfive ratingone Photos are not displaying correctly.
lentwentyeight ratingone When I put on my preferences the I want the recent stories not the top stories it doessnt take it and it always take the top stories ugghh!
lensixteen ratingtwo Glad I'm not the only one with the picture issue and the comments not deleting!!
lentwentyone ratingone When ever there's a picture I'm trying to see it never loads even on messenger please fix this problem
lenthree ratingone Cant upload pics %>_<%
lennine ratingone Every few mins I get the force close crap !!!
lentwenty ratingone But now my photos don't load, it doesn't update unless I do it and it freezes my phone..
leneleven ratingtwo Cant see photos in feed or messages, constant lag/not responding.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Seriously guys any way to make this file smaller takes up so much memory!!!!
leneight ratingone How to change profile photo using this app?
lensix ratingtwo Takes WAY too much internal memory.
leneleven ratingone I'm getting a network error every time i click post!
leneighteen ratingone Its very time consuming with you just spent a few minutes typing and your comment or status disappeares!
leneleven ratingfour App stops responding when I choose to upload pic on page!
lennineteen ratingone Only giving one star because before the update I couldn't see comments on photos but now I can.
lenthirtynine ratingfour First things first this app deserves a four don't complain about it not loading picture on your news feed and if you have a problem get off your lazy a$s and do it on fuck1n computer your welcome
lenfourteen ratingone I used the app once and it used 15% of my battery for the day.
lentwentyone ratingone Horrible, you guys finally got it working then again you guys update it and it cant even load statuses nor pictures >:(
lenfourteen ratingone Dont work most of the time and very limited on what you can do..
lentwentysix ratingone Why is all of a sudden i can't change my cover photo and it keeps telling me no connection or it takes forever to load.
leneleven ratingone I cant play facebook connect games unless i m on 3/4G network.
lenten ratingone now they took the ability to delete a comment away.
lenfive ratingtwo It freezes twice a day
lenten ratingone Won't work or refresh at all after last update -
lenthirteen ratingone Can't see pictures, can't update profile, the original was much better.
lennine ratingtwo Bring the Edit and Swipe to delete thing back......
lenfifteen ratingtwo Network error, loading speed got slow, some pictures dont show up and other bug issues...
lenten ratingone Also says error when trying to comment or update status.
lenten ratingtwo Seriously annoying with constant network errors and lengthy load times.
lenfive ratingthree It won't even load!
lenfour ratingone Takes forever to load....
lenthirteen ratingone its a no no id u just wana check ya status n go..
lenfour ratingone Many lag on screen....
lenthirteen ratingone Buggy, won't load, especially since there really are not too many features.
leneleven ratingone it sustains so much memory very poor older ws more betr
lentwentyone ratingone Also, if I select a notification to view, said notification won't load. It just locks up in a waiting cycle.
lenthree ratingone Constantly force closes.
lentwelve ratingone It wastes battery at night when charging and not even in use!
leneleven ratingone Constant "network error" messages when I have a great wifi connection.
lenseven ratingone Can't post comments or like anything...
lentwelve ratingone Freezes my phone and doesn't allow me to change my cover
lentwentyfive ratingtwo There is no option to change ur cover photo, photos don't show up in the newsfeed without clicking on them, and its really slow.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo Also, seems to be building up way faster in MB and is killing my battery considerable if I don't clear the cache everyday.
lenthree ratingone Very slow & crashes.
lenseventeen ratingthree When I enter a picture, it takes 5 or 6 goes of the back button to leave the picture.
lentwo ratingone Freezes constantly.
lenthirtysix ratingthree Love being able to keep in touch with friends and family, but could be much better if we could actually communicate without having an "error" screen pop up, not allowing you to leave comments or updates.
lenten ratingone I cant upload my pictures or posts half the time..
lenthirteen ratingone and now the pix of mine and my friends won't even load...
leneight ratingone I cant able to change a cover photo
lenthirty ratingthree I like this app but when I view pictures and once I go back the pic doesn't go away until I've hit the back button a few times...
lentwenty ratingfour To all the other reviewers, the app will only work right if you clear up some memory on your device!
lensix ratingone I cant change my cover photo!!
lennine ratingone It won't let you like, post, or message.
lentwelve ratingone The update has resulted in me being unable to post status updates.
lensix ratingthree freezes everytime i open a pic .....
lenfortyone ratingthree This is a good app but I needs the feature to be able to move to the SD card because my phone only has a limited amount of room and 20+ mb hurts please add the feature to move to SD card.
lennineteen ratingone If I get a facebook notification and click it, facebook app opens and sits there on the load screen.
lenfive ratingone Freezes and doesn't refresh.
lenfive ratingone Photos don't load right.
lenfifteen ratingone I can only see few posts on my newsfeed then it won't load anymore.
lenfifteen ratingone Posts I remove or pictures I remove are still on my newsfeed are there permanently.
leneight ratingone Still takes forever to load if at all.
lenseven ratingfour Doesnt work for changing the cover photos....
lentwelve ratingone There is no time line cover photo botton to change your cover -.-
lensix ratingfour no option for update cover photo
lenfour ratingone constantly stops and pauses.
lentwentyseven ratingthree The first attempt at uploading photos always freezes, and the only way to get rid of it from the drop down menu is to restart the phone
leneight ratingtwo Then I get network errors every other day!
lenfive ratingfour Cover photo cannot be changed.
lenten ratingone IT FREEZES, it keeps trying to connect to the server.
leneighteen ratingthree Frustrating how it shows I'm in another city/town when I post not where I actually am.
lennine ratingfour It still doesn't sync high quality contact photos.
lenten ratingfour It shows persons name but not photo or profile picture.
lenseventeen ratingtwo I have a Samsung Infuse and this app is the only one that freezes up or crashes.
lennine ratingone Takes up way too much of my phone storage!
leneleven ratingone And as I scroll down, it doesn't load more storys.
lenfive ratingfour Please add "copy" and "paste"
leneight ratingone This app doesn't even install the update...
lentwentyeight ratingfour cant change my cover pic still need a way to share events and also a way to download pics the way u can on friendcaster would be nice
lentwelve ratingone Massive app,  half time doesn't load properly even when on wifi.
lenfour ratingone Needs some serious liposuction!
lenfive ratingthree Else, the reliability is spotty.
lenseventeen ratingtwo But since its updated I can't view any photos or see them in my news feed.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo New update keeps force closing and i cant even get to the news feed it goes blue then black and bak to my home page fix this!
lenseven ratingone Please make option move to sd card ...
lentwelve ratingone Im Continuesly pestered with requests to search my phone book for friends.
lentwentyeight ratingone For the love of everything that's called technology, make your app smaller cause I can't afford 30Mb of my internal memory to be used by the app.
lenthree ratingtwo Slow loading everything.
lentwelve ratingone Since da f last update is crashin, force closes, slow loading content!
lentwelve ratingfour Since the last update everytime i open a picture the application crashes!
lenfifteen ratingthree Update before last my pics stopped showing in my news feed on my samsung galaxy !
lentwelve ratingtwo Has been force closing a lot recently, not loading pictures or comments...
lenten ratingfour But haven't been able to upload photos for days.
lenfive ratingfour Says remote computer is offline.
lenseventeen ratingone It freezes a lot it doesnt load it keeps on saying "no internet connection " and basicly sucks .
lenseven ratingthree Pl ad the setting of changing languages.
lennine ratingfour Gud but after update it taking so much space
leneighteen ratingone I hate that I have to relaunch the app because it crashes on me after those ten minutes..
lenten ratingtwo Please optimize to reduce ram usage. May use up to 70mb.
leneleven ratingone Every time I open BookFace it takes forever then it crashes.
lentwo ratingone Super slow.
leneight ratingtwo I updated today and fb no longer works!!
lenten ratingthree It keep blocking me to see old steam and post
lenten ratingone getting tired of jumping thru hoops to get to fb.
lenseven ratingtwo Keeps saying network error or no connection.
lennine ratingone But the screen seems to be a little jumpy.
leneight ratingone It freezes my phone and it runs slow!
lenthirteen ratingone Can't see any pics, profile pics, wall posts pics, etc. Please fix!
lenthirtyone ratingtwo When I'm commenting (right in the middle of me typing!) The screen scrolls to the top of the page. Everytime! and not just once, but several times in one comment.
lenfive ratingtwo apps keep showing network error.
lenseven ratingone Why I can't delete the comment? :|
lennineteen ratingone Why doesn't this work plz fix i can't play game cause i can't connect to Facebook
lentwentythree ratingone If FB didn't need internet to work, it would be great but since it has to have internet the app is junk.
lenfourteen ratingone Now pictures won't load on my newsfeed and I continuously get "network error".
lenfive ratingone Pls fix the back button.
lennine ratingtwo and then that network error thg jst kills me
lenseven ratingone Network errors on galaxy s3 with jelly bean.
lenfourteen ratingfour We have to use pc or browser everytime to download photos of our dearones .
lenfifteen ratingone Even with wofi connevtikns, the app freezes and hangs alot when i click on pictures.
lenfive ratingone Comments don't show up.
lenthirtyone ratingone Struggles to load everything & just endlessly spins, newsfeed, comments, who likes,etc. notifications on things I want to follow stop on their own & never let me know someone liked or commented.
leneighteen ratingtwo i cant post anything for the pass couple of days. i reinstalled and still face the same problem
lentwentyfour ratingfour After New update, I can't seem to go back wherever I press back button after enlarging a photo. Have to press multiple time.
lenthree ratingone stays loading forever
lenfifteen ratingone Could ya tell me why my phone keep cut off when I be on Facebook
lenfifteen ratingtwo takes a lot to of time for pictures to come under and the sometimes freezes.
lennine ratingone Mainly because the page doesn't load at all.
lenseven ratingone I can't even update my status.
lenfour ratingone Why have auto update!
lensix ratingthree Longer loading times but more advanced
lensix ratingone Horrible update everything freezes not happy.
lenfive ratingone Very very slow to update.
lensix ratingone My FB won't even load.
lentwentyone ratingone Everytime I log into FB all of my pictures and friends posts and faces are completely grey and won't load.
leneight ratingone I can't post any comments or posts.
leneleven ratingthree Works good on 3g or wifi but slows down very much on 2g.
lenseven ratingtwo Can not update status using this app.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Never wants to refresh, have to keep closing app and opening back up.
lentwentyone ratingone My daughter has a version that only takes a third if the memory but can't locate it in app store.
lenseventeen ratingone Only can find fb msgr but does not give news feed or profile access like hers does!
leneleven ratingone Long time no update,doesn't work or work very slow
lenseven ratingtwo Screen scrolls itself as new posts appear .
leneighteen ratingone Whn it says u comment u go to look and make sure it posted and its not there!
lenfive ratingone Cant change my profile picture.
leneighteen ratingtwo Now it is slow,reboots me for no reason,force closes all the time,&always saying network error.
lenthirtyone ratingone Network error, photos won't upload, i can't delete comments, the news feed shows just what it wants, force close (it never happen' to me before with the other versions).
lentwentyone ratingone And when I leave comments and i press my thumbs at the any empty spaces, than the comments are completely gone!!
lenthree ratingtwo Issues viewing photos.
lentwo ratingtwo Random shutdown.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo can't log in for two days idk whats the problem but it needs to be fixed asap for me to rate anything near 5 stars
lenfive ratingfour Just noting my own wall.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Even the notifications don't update as often even thought it is set to 30min refreshing.
lenfour ratingone News feed wont load.
lenthree ratingone Cant update status.
lenfour ratingone Picture dont show up.
leneighteen ratingone Add the "near city, state" to the status and make it where we can change the cover picture.
lenten ratingtwo I can't delete comments with this f**king update.
lenseventeen ratingtwo The content I am getting is older than the content that displayed just a few hours ago.
lenten ratingthree It only shows notification from one or two people only.
lentwelve ratingfour It works OK but sometimes laags and hangs but OK its usable.
lentwentyone ratingone Does anyone know how i can get a better update of facebook for my android, this one is horrible,keep stopping !
lensixtyseven ratingone Force close alot, Super slow, Can't change cover pics, Can't delete or edit comments, Doesn't give you the choice to view most resent (which is aggravating reading the same post from the day before) and for those of us who doesn't have a whole lot of memory left on our Phone being able to save onto our SD CARD would be greatly appreciated!
lenfourteen ratingone Now, I can't even log in with this sorry excuse for an app.
leneleven ratingfour they use lot of phone memory for my mobile i.e 14mb
lentwentyeight ratingtwo force closes like every 15 mins; ca t change the cover pic, cant delete comments, photo loading takes forever, timeline/wall & message updates are random.sometimes posting old first!
lenseven ratingone Will not log in forecloses every time!
leneleven ratingtwo Please make it available to be download it on SD card
lensixteen ratingone Its amazing that after that many years,  photos on Facebook almost always hangs up on loading.
lensix ratingone The update occupied to much space.
leneight ratingthree Doesn't let me change cover photo , & freezes .
lenfour ratingfour Working slow HTC inspire 4g
lenseven ratingthree It keeps telling me log in failed.
lenfour ratingone Cannot connect using wifi!!
leneleven ratingone I have to disconnect for facebook and reconnect for everything else!
lentwelve ratingone The app takes ages to load else doesn't load at all.
lenthirteen ratingone Notifications for messages still pop up when turned off, it forgets the settings.
lensixteen ratingone I can't see any pics on facebook since this last upgrade and its runs slow.
lenfiftyfive ratingone This is the worst update for Facebook for the samsung galaxy 2 phone nothing works it freezes up always says it has a network error I switch to the fastest Facebook app which actually works somewhat at least you can post a status  and look things up during very many setting options fix this app ASAP
lenseventeen ratingthree Was tolerable on mobile phone but tablet UI sucks its as if they just stretched everything out.
lenfourteen ratingone Now pictures never upload and when i tried reinstalling the app the issue continued.
leneleven ratingtwo Since the upgrade it wont let me post comments or statuses.
lenthree ratingone newsfeed wong refresh!
lennineteen ratingone I also won't get a notification about receiving a message until 20 minutes after the person has sent it.
lentwo ratingthree Slow function.
lenseven ratingfour 1/18/13::Edit:: Photos aren't loading at all.
leneight ratingone After downloading "PACKET DATA UNAVAILABLE" error is displayed.
lentwenty ratingone I can't access any groups, il getting message notifications to find out that its not a message but comments.
lentwentyfour ratingone I can post a status and the next time I go to post a status or a picture the old status shows up again.
leneleven ratingone Had new updates and got more problems keeps reloading loads slow.
lentwenty ratingtwo Every since I updated to the new version I continuously get network errors or the page just won't load.
lentwelve ratingfour Its good but it takes to long to refresh and to download
lentwenty ratingone Also, would be nice to have pictures load like they used to instead of very slowly or not at all.
lentwentytwo ratingone I can't get on, it won't let me add pics, won't refresh for news feeds, tells me network error.
lentwenty ratingone Too many crashing issue, everytime when i use it i have to tallrate the crash issue 5 to 6 times in 5 minutes
lentwelve ratingone It freezes all the time and kicks me out all the time.
lenfourteen ratingthree Very slow to update and I get the cannot retrieve notifications SSL handshake error
leneighteen ratingthree Comment glitch has been fixed,  but now photos and link thumbnails are not downloading in the Newsfeed view.
leneighteen ratingone Doesn't receive message notifications and uses WAY too much RAM to say it's not even working.
lentwelve ratingone Needs a lot of bug fixes although it freezes a lot on s3
lenfourteen ratingone I haven't been able to update my status for the last three updates.
lenfive ratingthree Goes d same for notification.
lenten ratingone And posts your status updates when it feels like it.
leneleven ratingone When I try to connect it shows processing all the times.
lentwelve ratingfour Im done reading tweets in twitter but facebook still loads the images.
lennine ratingthree It has no option to update my cover photo!
lenseven ratingone where is the change cover pic feature.
lenfive ratingone Cant change my cover pic.
lenfourteen ratingone I swear if i see network error or freakn FORCE CLOSE AGAIN IMA SCREAM!!!!
leneleven ratingone i canot post a new status righ now..wtf is this...
lenseven ratingtwo Can't view pictures on the timeline!
lenfive ratingtwo Won't Process my Likes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo I click Like and the page scrolls on it's own immediately after.
lenfour ratingfour Takes forever to load.
leneighteen ratingone Ever since i updated i cant see any pictures its making me mad hopefuly itll worj now reinstalling
lensixteen ratingone I have to go on then quit then go back on and then my notifications show...
lensixteen ratingone I try to view comments and statuses but a black bar pops up saying "network error".
lenseven ratingone 'Network error' appears everytime since the update.
lenfourteen ratingone I click on Facebook and it just loads, and loads... and loads some more.
lenfive ratingtwo I also cant poke people.
lensix ratingone Force closes, takes forever to load..
lentwentytwo ratingone This app requires most of the energy from my battery on the nexus 4, sorry guys but it is not worth it -> uninstalled!
lentwentythree ratingone It'd be nice if I could actually update my status, check in some where, or like something and it actually do it!
lenten ratingfour Not good apps for android it is bring network error
lenfour ratingone Messages refuse to load.
lentwentyfive ratingone The app says it can write to an SD card, but it doesn't. The way it is now, it is NOT worth the space.
lenthirteen ratingthree I get network errors and I have to reload the program to correct.
leneighteen ratingtwo Need back the old feature of deleting comments also can't seem to post status updates most times...
lenthirty ratingthree It will work for some and then either bring up a blank page or the picture is out of focus with a timer going as if its getting the data.
leneight ratingone App will go for hour and not update.
lenfour ratingtwo Pictures don't upload
lenfive ratingone Force closes all the time...
lenseven ratingone I can't update my status anymore.
lenfifteen ratingone Many of my games can't progress until I connect to facebook really peeved off!!!!!!!
lenfourteen ratingfour The new instant uploading features is my favorite new feature but it uploads everything.
lenthirtythree ratingone Like that when you search for a new friend by name,  you can hit back and it takes you back to the previous list and doesn't make you start your search over.
lenthirteen ratingone I am starting having plm status twice all the times since last update.
lenfourteen ratingone Slowest yet, says network error often, regardless of connected or disconnected to Wi-Fi.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Takes up a lot more memory space than it should and most of the time, takes long to refresh the News Feed.
lenthree ratingone always force close!!!
lenseven ratingone hangs up with black screen, so slow..........
lenthirtyseven ratingone Most days pictures don't even load for me or just continues to load when I select anything and I'm sure it has nothing to do with my internet connection coz everything internet related still works!
lenten ratingone After I post a status, I can't see it!
lenseven ratingone Takes hours to update my news feed.
lensixteen ratingone I sometimes write a post and doesn't show on the news feed or my profile.
lentwentysix ratingone I don't know why I even waste my time with it anymore, it foreclose's and freezes my phone, I would say 90% of the time.
leneight ratingfour but tell me how to delete the comments...??
lensix ratingone Way slow n irritating even n s2
leneleven ratingone Trying to update this app but it always shows an error 503.
lentwelve ratingone My HTC HERO loads everything else super fast Facebook not so well
lentwentyone ratingthree Notifications and messages that are sent to me are realy slow, it takes about 2-3 minutes befero they appear on my phone
lenfive ratingone Doesn't show updated notifications.
lenfifteen ratingone The app fails to log in and now I cannot use Facebook on my phone.
lennineteen ratingone Everything i try to click on it tells me link expired or i don't have permission to view.
leneight ratingtwo The app doesn't integrate well with messenger.
leneleven ratingtwo It's slow to load, and notifications don't work properly.
lenseven ratingthree Can we speed the loading up please.
lensix ratingone Sucks ttm, takes forever to load.
lenseventeen ratingone You caused me to lose 20% of my numbers because they don't sync right with low memory.
lentwelve ratingone Bat it usually crashes without any reason and also starts to misbehave
lentwentyfour ratingone I cant get the full site anymore and i cant delete posts or comments if i want to this is terrible ready to uninstall
lensixteen ratingtwo Because everything I post, comments on statuses or pictures, it post my comment up to 30 times.
lenten ratingone So slow to load anything with this app now, terrible!
lenseven ratingone Still won't let me log in
lentwelve ratingtwo Can't remove friends from list and won't upload YouTube videos...
lentwenty ratingtwo Don't like the position of the "Likes/Comment" area. In this update it is right above the "Like" button.
lentwentysix ratingtwo Have hit "Like" many times when I was just trying to see the likes or comments on a status. Need to move it to another area
leneleven ratingfour Only downside is how long it takes to load a pic.
lentwentyfour ratingfour Its a great app love the updates it just it takes up all the space in my phone then my phone start acting up :(
lenfive ratingone Fails to load items properly!
lensix ratingfour Oh and, error 498.the past 3 days.
lenseventeen ratingone Almost every time I launch it, it freezes and I have to uninstall it and reinstall it.
lentwentyeight ratingthree When I close the app for a minute to check a text or do something else - Facebook seems to freeze and gives me a back screen upon returning.
lentwelve ratingthree All I can do to fix it is force close and reopen.
lenseven ratingone It doesn't even load Facebook anymore.
lentwentyeight ratingfour I would have given it 5 stars if all of the pictures would load when you clicked on them and not say "cannot retrieve picture please try again later".
lennineteen ratingfour Love the faster ability to view pics, but comments not loading & keeps saying network error or lost internet connection
lenten ratingthree how do you delete a comment now on a photo???
lenfourteen ratingone Most times I try to use it, it tells me it has no connection.
leneight ratingthree Often hangs and will have to forcr quit...
lennine ratingtwo But the scrolling is too crappy,  please fix up.
lentwentythree ratingfour 1 thing that annoy me is the birthday event dont show the present day. So, it is hard for me to track ppl bd.
lenseven ratingthree Photos will not load while on timeline
lentwentyone ratingfour It is a better app,there us some problems  in it like here no opption to download pics uploaded by others
lensixteen ratingfour This new Update works great but for two thing you can't delete or edited comments
leneleven ratingtwo My newsfeed doesn't always refresh, and it keeps force closing!
lensixteen ratingthree It works ok if you can get It to reload after it says tap to retry.
lentwentythree ratingfour The new version is muh better but when I like status', photos etc. The things are unliked when I go back onto Facebook
lenfive ratingfour How can i remove comments???
lensix ratingone Very slow and lots of glitching
leneleven ratingfour But this app run so slowly even mw Andro has 1 Ghz.
lenthree ratingone slow as turtle
lensix ratingthree It is SO slow and annoying.
leneleven ratingtwo Can't comment, like, or click to see who liked something.
lenten ratingthree Improved alot from HTML5 days but still feels sluggish at times.
lenthirty ratingthree Share function doesn't work, and I get "cannot find a secure connection" error all the time on Wi-Fi, even though everything else works fine, including mobile web version.
lenfour ratingfour Facebook keeps foreclosing alot!
lenten ratingfour Takes millions of minutes to overlook pictures and freezes alot.
lensixteen ratingone It has also given me problems with sharing photos and commenting on other people's posts.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Everytime I post a new status, share a photo, or even post on a friends wall the post is not going through.
lenfour ratingone Cant login gived erroe......
lensix ratingtwo Some time it hang the phone.
lenthree ratingone Always lost connection.
lenfive ratingone Messenger is just too slow...
lenfifteen ratingthree Getting there but takes to long to load pics n load up profiles at times.
lentwelve ratingone Seriously tired of seeing "loading" or "can not find a secure connection"
lenten ratingfour Only prob is it's not showing the birthdays "Today".
leneight ratingone Cannot upload images from my HTC inc s..
lenthirteen ratingone I can update shoes on fone but my fried can't see it.
lenfourteen ratingone I cant look at my notifications even when it says i have new ones.
lennine ratingfour The app is great just freezes in a while :/
lenseven ratingone U CANT EVEN UPDATE UR NEWS FEED!
lenfive ratingone Sometimes will freeze upon loading
lennineteen ratingfour Now since upgrades it won't open, when it will open it won't let me comment or share
lenfifteen ratingone I can't post on friends walls, can't like posts, photos, can't share!!!
lentwentyfive ratingtwo Since recent update Facebook via this app is a hit or miss on being able to load the news feed yet alone updates on comments.
lennine ratingthree Why does my newsfeed not stay at most recent?
lenfifteen ratingone Ever since the last update I get network error problems can't load profiles ect..
lentwelve ratingtwo Everytime I click on a picture it won't let me leave!!!!!!
lenseventeen ratingone As it stands it's crap,constant network errors,pages don't load,the list goes on.
lenfive ratingtwo Also pictures aren't loading!!!
lenfifteen ratingtwo still cannot add photos to albums of the groups on facebook, pls add this function
lensix ratingone How i change my timeline photo???
lensixteen ratingfour Force closes ALOT still and I wish it would give me notifications when someone messages me.
lentwelve ratingone Plagued with network errors and no ability to expand on viewed comments!!!
lenten ratingthree Has trouble updating profile since the last update on Galaxy S3
lenfive ratingone Cant even open the app
lenfourteen ratingone Won't load pictures or my news feed more than half of the time.
lentwentynine ratingone I can Like other people's posts, and comment on them, but can't do anything else unless I switch over to another device or go to my PC.
lenfourteen ratingthree Just crap do not get any notification but slightly better than the last update.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Its force closing a lot of my apps and i cannot log out and it always freezes can you PLEASE fix it -_-
lennine ratingone Takes so much internal memory and data usage too.
lennineteen ratingone New pop up windows do not imptess me when you break the rest of the app to do it.
lentwentythree ratingone My only wish for this app is to one day (ASAP) have it so we can all move it to the SD card.
leneight ratingone Takes far too much space on my phone.
lennineteen ratingone And having an HTC desire phone its already got poor phone memory without having this bugging up my space.
leneleven ratingone Too slow to load, pics won't show, drops connection - unusable.
lennine ratingthree I am unable to update the profile picture directly...
lenseventeen ratingtwo The update on my phone will only let me on fb for a few minutes then  foreclose.
lenfive ratingtwo Its slow and hardly works
leneight ratingtwo Now I get posts from Facebook recommending games.
lenfour ratingone App crashes every 5 minutes
lentwelve ratingone New update now causes pictures to not load and sporadic newsfeed posts.
lenseven ratingone Can't change photos now after update...
leneight ratingfour There should be a share button by now.
lenfour ratingone hardly ever loads everything...
lensix ratingone Network error and kicks me off
leneleven ratingone Can not check in or update status which is highly annoying!!!!!
lentwentytwo ratingone I have been unable to update my status from my phone and unable to post on friends walls ever since the update!
lennine ratingfour It is app but  it work's slow sometime
lentwentyseven ratingtwo But shows your messages and inboxes after like half hour of someone sending them you...Its so frustating have to click on them myself just to check...
lenseven ratingtwo And its slow in the news feed...
lenseventeen ratingone Sometimes i open my messages because it says i have one and its an all blank page.
leneight ratingfour but my memory keep increase when i online.
leneleven ratingtwo It will try to load but return with a network error.
lenthirteen ratingthree What's a fuckin "katana process" that crashes facebook almost every hour now ?!!!
lenseven ratingone It sumtimes says error coonection it sucks
lenfourteen ratingone None of my pictures load and it just says network error all the time
leneighteen ratingone I have to force close multiple times just to do simple things like read comments or load pictures.
lenthree ratingone doesn't load
lenfourteen ratingtwo Really is annoying, coz i cant post whats on my mind at the time!!
lentwentysix ratingone No network connection and error loading story is driving me nuts that I nearly killed ant with my head while banging my head on the table.
lenfour ratingfour Can't quit facebook!
leneleven ratingone Why dose this app never tell me when someone messages me?
lennine ratingthree It doesnt connect sometimes and is slow fix it
lenseven ratingtwo The option to swipe and delete comments.
lentwelve ratingone Back to freezing up, force close, error posting comments, numerous other problems.
lentwelve ratingone You have to go in and out constantly to try to post.
lenfour ratingone TOO MANY ERROR LOADING!!!
lensix ratingone Status's dissapearing & doesnt refresh properly.
leneleven ratingfour Always resets to top stories even if most recent is selected
lenfifteen ratingtwo Wats wrong i am not able to post any comment it just gives me erorr
lenfour ratingone Wont share pictures either.
lenthirteen ratingone And also, since last update it appears this is chewing thru my data.
lenthirteen ratingtwo My pictures won't load on my newsfeed and its making me irritated
lenfifteen ratingfour I wish the new update had the option to save on my large SD card!!
lentwentytwo ratingone So frustrating, pictures don't show up at all keep having to uninstall and reinstall in order to get it to work.
leneleven ratingone Takes forever to load, says no network connection all the time.
lentwenty ratingone In order to get the latest updates on the timeline I will need to actually close and restart the app.
lentwenty ratingone Firstly, at least once a day when I am trying to refresh my news feed it will say 'network error'.
lenten ratingone Doesn't show comments or likes on statuses, wallposts, etc.
leneleven ratingone it's always clicks me out says there is an error..
leneight ratingone Stops working and shuts down all the time.
lenfive ratingfour low speed,no pic download.
lenfourteen ratingone Since last update I keep getting network error and can't update my status.
lenthirteen ratingfour Contact Sync is no longer and option and unable to check page messages
lennineteen ratingtwo The update is always crashing and whenever im in the middle of my chat it lags all the time... :(
lensix ratingthree But Not able to download images
lennine ratingthree Links don't go to app just to browser
lenten ratingone Terrible, can't upload photos anymore or update my status.
lentwentythree ratingthree I hate that you can no longer delete a comment you make on someone's post, or on your own for that matter.
lenfifteen ratingfour I and the one who i sent this code wants to see picture not number.
lenten ratingfour Can't find camera icon to change my cover photo.
lensix ratingone It doesn't work on Desire
lenfive ratingone Cant view an entire Photo.
lenthree ratingone Always force close.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo Not to mention the fact that it force closes half the time, videos take too long to upload and have yet to add the edit comment tool as in the mobile site.
lenfourteen ratingfour Should implement a way my videos can be seen that are in my album
lentwelve ratingfour i want to exclude some folder to display in select picture page.
leneleven ratingfour And I want swift key to save the words I type.
lenten ratingfive I think it could do with a bit more customization...
lenthirtyone ratingfive And a few more settings for example, after I insert specific types of punctuation it sometimes put a space after..It would be good to be able to turn that off.
lentwentysix ratingfive Also another good one is being able to make the space bar bigger by removing the smiley key on the bottom right making the keyboard bigger.
lentwelve ratingfour I really would like to see Chinese language integration to be developed.
leneight ratingfour Very annoying to switch with other input methods.
lennine ratingone Does not work with S-Pen on Galaxy Note 2
lentwentyfour ratingfive I love the keyboards and what not it looks so awesome but just need some more themes to choose from or more customization choices.
lenfourteen ratingfive Last time it was smileys/predictions without spaces messing up other languages than english.
lentwenty ratingfive Used to work perfect but after i had accidentally deleted it, can't get it to work again after reinstall.
leneight ratingone It WAS awesome until the layout was changed.
lenthirteen ratingone It may work for large displays but NOT phones with cases on them!
lenseven ratingone I hate the new slide punctuation bar!
lenfive ratingone Bring smaller space bar back!
lentwentyfour ratingone You need to add something to allow us to edit the prediction word database. This way, we can manually erase unwanted crap, periods & commas!!!
lentwentyseven ratingthree When your in messages and lock the screen, once you turn it back on the suggestions are gone and you have to close and re open SwiftKey.
lentwentythree ratingone Everytime I turn my phone off or restart it it goes back to default keyboard and I have to keep activating this one...
lenten ratingthree Great app but without emoji support its only sub par
lennineteen ratingthree Im not fond of the fact, i have to constantly switch to go keyboard for Chinese either,  over rated.
leneleven ratingfour Wish I could customize the layout, then I would give 5 stars.
leneleven ratingfour Awesome keyboard just lags with Google takes forever to show up.
lenfourteen ratingfour I like how you did pumpkin for Halloween can we get a Christmas theme.
lensix ratingfour Because of missing of Macedonian language!
lentwentytwo ratingthree Ever since the jellybean update,  you have to exit the messaging application and open it up again for word prediction to work..
lentwelve ratingthree I also don't like that you can't use swear words.
lentwelve ratingthree I'm 23, please let me use what words I want to use.
lentwelve ratingone I am tired of this fueling keyboard refusing to use swear words.
leneight ratingfour Swiftkey's has limited 3 words predicted for selection.
leneighteen ratingthree I find it terribly annoying that now the prediction bar, and corrections don't work 50% of the time.
lenthirteen ratingthree I have to close the keyboard and then reopen for this to work.
lenthirteen ratingthree Also, I should be able to delete typos that have been presumed predictions.
leneight ratingfour It is missing one thing, however. Emoji support.
lenseventeen ratingfour If this language/font were to be added, SwiftKey would win the award for best Android app.
lenfourteen ratingfive After having the language constantly failing to download, and now not downloading at all.
lenfifteen ratingfive But very glitchy on Google chrome, keeps typing previous word when pressing the backspace key...
leneight ratingfour Only problem i have is the exclamation mark.
lenfifteen ratingfour Very very poor set up,  it almost never works when you swipe the multi button.
leneleven ratingfour Always puts a period or a comma, never an exclamation mark.
lentwelve ratingone Until I updated to Jelly Bean, I would give this app 5 stars.
lentwentyfive ratingone However, following the update on my S3 to Jelly Bean, it now reverts to the Samsung keyboard as the default every time I restart the phone.
lentwentyseven ratingone From my understanding, it is an issue the developers are aware of and have stated that we all need to wait until Jelly Bean is updated to 4.1.2.
lenfour ratingfour I just need Chinese!!!
lenfifteen ratingfour Otherwise it's such a pain to switch keyboards just to type one Chinese character!
lennineteen ratingtwo Keeps rebooting vzw gnex and numerous bug reports and posts left unanswered or even unacknowledged using pay version too...
lentwentyeight ratingfour Just wish there were more themes to choose from and that of your backspace from an auto completed word that it would defer to what you originally typed.
lennineteen ratingfour As stated before SwiftKey does not load after a reboot. It has to be disabled an re enable again.
lenfourteen ratingfour Great keyboard and prediction but needs SWIPE function for portrait mode and better customization
lentwentythree ratingthree Update: Using on the LG Optimus G and the cursor KEEPS  jumping to the top of the field in the middle of sentences.
lensix ratingfour But can't personalized with fb..
lentwentytwo ratingfour Uninstalled until I can save it to the SD card, everything is great except for the amount of space it takes up.
lenfourteen ratingfour This app is very good, but it can run a little laggy on my GS3
lenfourteen ratingfour Give me a red version of the "holo" theme and you'll get 5 stars.
lenthirtyone ratingfive The only thing I do hate is when I enter a full stop then  space it automatically In puts (I) so my sentences start with I when I'm typing fast.
lennineteen ratingone Used to be the best keyboard ever since jellybean update now on my GS3 it will not hold as default :'-(
lenseventeen ratingfive I would love to more themes, the current themes are great but I love customising my phone.
lenfour ratingfour Wheres the clipboard button?
lensix ratingone This auto correct is illogical sometimes.
lennine ratingone When I type "just"  I don't mean "justified".
lenthirteen ratingone It will also auto capitalize words that don't need to be capitalized.
lenfifteen ratingthree Was excellent but pasting has recently broken on my Samsung galaxy s3 which is very frustrating!!
lenthirtythree ratingtwo I don't know what sort of processor is expected for running a keyboard but swift key can't keep up with my typing for the most part on a Samsung galaxy tablet 10.1
lenthirtyone ratingfour Only suggestions I have would be a tab key for use with Web browsers and such and a personal dictionary would be nice to help speed the keyboards learning process up
lensix ratingfive Please add a few themes frequently.
leneighteen ratingone I love this keyboard,  but I notice a significant decrease in my battery life when I use it.
lenten ratingfive It would be perfect if there was a delete key!
lenthirteen ratingtwo I would give it 5 stars if predictive text was supported in all apps.
leneight ratingtwo As it stands, too many apps remain unsupported.
lenseven ratingfive Love it but needs emoji support now
lentwentyfive ratingtwo Pretty good,  I get sick of checking everything to make sure it's predicting what I actually wanted, it seems to lag a lot too
lensix ratingfive Just wish it had more themes.
lentwelve ratingfive One like Holo but red in place of the blue would rock.
lennine ratingfive Only thing is it couldn't input Chinese language.
lenthirtythree ratingfive I love this app best $3 I've ever spent drastically increases texting speed if you have it set up right could use some more themes like a black background with neon green letters
lentwentytwo ratingfive The one and only problem I have is this program needs to do a better with choosing which punctuation sentences should receive.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I would like it if there were emoticon add ons for this keyboard like there are some of the other ones though...
lentwentysix ratingthree This app is okay except that the keys are loud when I type, so if I'm working or hunting I have to change the settings.
lentwentytwo ratingthree And if I'm just not finding how to change the setting I apologize but I've looked everywhere on the phone
lenthree ratingfour Needs more themes!
lentwentyfour ratingfour Love the ".com"  button but I wish it were in a different place. Maybe put it on the left side of the space bar.
lenfour ratingtwo You need more themes..
lenthirteen ratingtwo It's a great keyboard,  I just get board with the limited options
leneight ratingone It's useless application with Jelly Bean keyboard.
lentwentyfive ratingfour In the Dvorak layout, the lowercase 'M' & 'W' keys are supposed to display '(' & ')' on long press. The 'W' usually displays a '0' instead, but occasionally readjusts.
lenthirtyfour ratingone This would have been a 4 star but the inability to hide the "com" button while in a browser renders it nearly useless. Hit it all the time when trying to hit the space bar.
lentwentyeight ratingfive I'll lower my rating to 4 stars since the Jelly Bean bug resetting the keyboard to stock at each reboot has been around for long without being fixed.
lenfifteen ratingfour I the only reason I give it a 4 is because there is no swipe texting.
lentwelve ratingfour Would you be able to make an update with Vietnamese language though?
lenten ratingfive Just hope they continue to make it more battery efficient...
lenfifteen ratingthree 1 - The keyboard reverts to the original Android Keyboard every time the USB storage becomes disconnected.
lentwentysix ratingthree Every time I hook up to the computer or shut down the phone and restart, I have to re-enable it via the Android OS Settings.
lentwentythree ratingthree Great in most circumstances, but when sending odometer readings via text for tracking purposes, there's no reason for it to track it.
lennineteen ratingthree Numbers, for the most part, could probably be ignored or at least give us the option to ignore them.
lenfourteen ratingthree I don't need it suggesting an odometer reading I'll never see again.
lentwentyone ratingthree It would also be nice to be able to edit the remembered words and add or remove words, especially in multiples.
leneight ratingfour But could you guys add a swiping option?
lentwentyone ratingthree If I take the time to manually capitalize letters and add apostrophes, etc, then swiftkey shouldn't try to change it.
lensix ratingone Needs improvement in Arabic language support
lentwentyfive ratingfour My only wish is the ability to add words to dictionary & more keyboard options with symbols like hearts that come standard on most Samsung galaxy s3
lennineteen ratingfive The only weird thing I encountered was on my RAZR while it's charging the keyboard acts very weird.
lentwelve ratingfive Amazing app, although I wish there were more themes to choose from.
lenseventeen ratingfour It doesn't allow you to use the prediction features on text fields that already have it.
lentwenty ratingfour An example is when you type something on Google search app, you're abandoned to the slow typing process again.
lensixteen ratingfour The same happens in some contact names fields such as Gmail, GOSMS Pro, Any.do. Etc.
lenfortyfour ratingtwo I was not happy with the keyboard after coming from iPhone to Android until i tried Swiftkey, HOWEVER, i have  found quite a few apps that refuse to show the predictive text...like the built in browser on my Galaxy S3 and way more Update;
lentwentyone ratingtwo giving up until they fix predictive text and make keyboard thy doesn't have all th keys basically touching each other.
lenfourteen ratingone whenever i wanna use the sign () it always write wrong and impossible to use.
lenthirtyfive ratingone i have tried to ask if possible to add "numbers" on top of the keyboard like on Samsung original keyboard and they sent me to write on their blog... but no one answer, nobody care...
lentwenty ratingfour I'm using the trial keyboard, but can't miss the sale off :), buy it and waiting for Vietnamese language...
lentwentyone ratingfour I would really like to see more customization like more keyboard clolors and maybe some emoj that's different from iPhone.
lenten ratingtwo This keyboard is good but it really needs more theme.
leneleven ratingtwo Just at least one of all the major colors. ESPECIALLY RED!
lentwelve ratingfour Please made available for moving app to rom for faster keyboard entries
lentwentynine ratingone It always adds spaces after full stops, and adds unwanted words after commas, I wish I hadn't paid for this before I knew there was a free version
lenthirteen ratingtwo Have turned off as does not support pen entered text on Samsung note 2.
lenten ratingtwo Have turned off as note ii does not work properly.
lentwentysix ratingtwo If you are not going to fix it then make it assignable to applications so it can be ignored for apps where it doesn't work.
lenfive ratingthree I want more color fonts
lensix ratingthree Why is there no Tab key?
lentwentyeight ratingthree But when I have to put numbers into a password or messaging someone and using numbers the numbers come out jumbled, please look into this, sent from my gs3
lentwentytwo ratingtwo I use it on my Samsung Galaxy S3 on Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean. The only complaint I do have are a couple of bugs.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo On occasion the cursor will stop moving beyond the last word, so it always appears as if it's in the middle of a world no matter what.
lenthirteen ratingtwo I am also unable to use predictive text when sharing anything to Facebook.
lenten ratingtwo It renders it useless anytime I see something Facebook worthy.
lenfour ratingone Fatal support for Polish.
lenthirteen ratingfour I really dislike how it fails to show predictions during Web browser use.
lensixteen ratingfive There are so many things you can tweak as well such as prediction invoking and theme.
lenthirty ratingfour Totally annoying when I'm used to typing as best I can and picking predictions from the list. At least please give us the option to turn it on / off.
lentwentythree ratingfour The only issue with it is that about 35% of the time the prediction bar does not show up/auto correct does not work.
lennine ratingtwo Great app but becomes sluggish every now and then.
leneighteen ratingfour However, give me the option to disable the auto space after punctuation and ill give it five stars.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo It's not a bad keyboard replacement but it insists on putting a space after periods, making it a real pain to type URLs into text messages.
lenthirteen ratingfour The only thing I really dislike is the space it adds after punctuation.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour I'm used to typing correctly in the first place so I add the space myself and SwiftKey adds one as well as you can see in this review with all the double spaces.
lenten ratingfour I want to turn predictions completely OFF, but can't?
lensix ratingfour 5 stars if could turn off predictions.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I'd love to see the option to enable a dedicated number row though, for those of us with those huge phones.
lensix ratingfour Just add emojis and more themes.
leneighteen ratingfour Would give 5 stars if a personal dictionary is added as well as the option to learn from whatsapp.
leneighteen ratingfive Would like S Pen support for Galaxy Note 2 so I don't have to swap when writing documents.
lenthirteen ratingthree But the predictions bar doesn't appear for for the Samsung at all..
lenseventeen ratingthree And when I'm typing rapidly and trying to press the space button.. It hits the. com
lennineteen ratingtwo Whenever I try to enter a search term this app seems to stop working all together... Why is that?
lenseven ratingfive Wish for more keyboard themes to come.
lentwentysix ratingfive Love this keyboard and just got the update to JB on my EVOLTE and was wondering if you guys were implementing Emoji support for the keyboard?
lentwo ratingthree Emoji support.
lenseven ratingthree Why doesn't any keyboard have emoticons?
lentwentysix ratingfour This keyboard is amazing but the only problem I have with it is that when I use Google drive it slows down and lags SO much.
lenseven ratingfive I just wish they would add swipe
lennineteen ratingfive Would like to see a couple more themes, but I have no complaints as the Holo theme is gorgeous.
lentwentythree ratingfour I think it provides a great writing experience, but it slows down my overall smartphone readiness and needs an huge amount of ram..
lenfive ratingfour A ridiculous amount of RAM!
lenfourteen ratingthree Please provide swipe support like the latest keyboard update provided by Google for nexus.
lenthirteen ratingthree When ever I enter my email address the auto space messes shot up.
leneighteen ratingthree Lack of hand writing support for the Note 2 is a shame, will inable again when this is supported.
lennine ratingthree Loved Swiftkey3 on my evo hate it on the note
lennine ratingtwo A lot of bugs in connection with hardware keyboards!
lennine ratingtwo The app also has trouble downloading the language packs ...
lentwentyseven ratingone Now, occasionally the text predictions won't come up AT ALL and it seems like words are being put in that I NEVER was attempting to write.
lentwentyfive ratingone Also, I am not too fond of the fact that when I do spell a word wrong, it doesn't automatically insert the correct word.
leneleven ratingtwo Love the word suggestions but keyboard locks up constantly on my S3
lennine ratingfive But can we have more themes for the keyboard =)
lentwentythree ratingfive Edit: The keyboard stop predicting when I am in Any.do, Facebook web browser and several other applications that I couldn't remember.
lenthirtysix ratingthree Though India is a big client of all mobile handsets and apps, everybody is neglecting Indian customers and their needs,I am hopefully waiting for Hindi,Marathi and other Indian languages upgrade packs from swiftkey ASAP.
lenforty ratingthree However,  every time I close all apps and ram memory and I go on any sort of message board,  texting or any type of typing it doesn't automatically pop up with SwiftKey and it shows the regular crappy keyboard.
lentwenty ratingthree Long story short I have to go change the options to have SwiftKey on every time I want to text.
lentwentyone ratingfive Suggestion for the developer: make that when the hardware is changed you don't loose all that the app has learned.
lensixteen ratingfive I wish there were more personalization options with colors, to match the theme For your phone.
lensix ratingfour Won't start automatically on GS3 however.
leneight ratingtwo But it is not compatible with 4.1.1  So frustrated.
leneighteen ratingone Split keyboard does NOT work on the Note in spite of thousands of users flagging it inside reviews.
lennine ratingthree I hope that swiftKeys will implement chinese typing too.
lentwelve ratingthree The keyboard gets laggy sometimes and makes apps lag on jelly bean.
leneleven ratingthree Most notably Google now.... it's very slow whilst using swiftkey.
leneight ratingfive I wish there will be more themes added
lenthree ratingfive Please integrate swype.
lentwentynine ratingfive Anyway I couldn't thank SwiftKey any better for such an amazing keyboard, just wish that they will come out with better features and personalization along with new themes!
lenfive ratingone Prediction does not work anymore.
leneight ratingfive I only wish they had more color scheme.
lenfourteen ratingone With a recent update to Jellybean, SwiftKey no longer automatically uses predictions when texting.
lentwentytwo ratingone I have to back out of every message and go back in before it will start fixing typos or using predictive text.
lenfourteen ratingthree I was very disappointed that when installing the paid version it did NOT import.
lentwentyfour ratingthree The settings from the trial version and now i am left having to battle the same initial problems when i first inatalled the trial.
lenfifteen ratingthree Very disappointing that such an intuitive app is so non-intuitive in the upgrade process
lentwenty ratingone Since I updated my S3 to Kelly Bean sometimes SwiftKey is not even activating when I go to text or type.
lenthirtyfour ratingone I have to exit whatever I'm doing or send a text or 2 before it will start working, but as I said it's very inconsistent, was never an issue while using with ICS.
lenfiftyone ratingfour I love this keyboard hands down the best one on the market only issue is for some reason when I I'm typing fast the keyboard always seems to static like a tv with no service I thought it was my phone but now I have the note 2 n same thing..
lentwentyseven ratingfour I just hate how when I click the 123 icon on the keyboard I hate how the layout looks,  im use to the regular S3 keyboard 123456789 on the top
leneleven ratingfive 5 stars either way but an Emoji add on would be awesome.
lentwelve ratingthree I don't like the way that it handles using different languages.
leneighteen ratingthree I wish there was a way to toggle between languages instead of having them integrated into one keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingthree Would have given this 5 stars if it worked well with king soft office.
lensix ratingfive Drawback, could do with more skins.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour Great keyboard only issue I have is when my phone wakes into a text it doesn't use prediction so I have to back out and go back in for the prediction to work
lennine ratingfour Was working excellently on 4.0.3, but in 4.0.4, has some defects...
lenfifteen ratingfour Feeling a small hick when keyboard comes on screen and sometimes it does not work...
leneighteen ratingthree Can't go without this keyboard anymore, though I'd still love to be able to disable gestures
lenfive ratingfive It does occasionally stop typing.
lensix ratingthree Kinda laggy when opening and closing..
lenthirteen ratingfour Just recently app repeatedly force closes until it is disabled in input settings.
leneleven ratingfive The Arabic implementation is very good but needs some fine tuning
lensix ratingtwo Can't remember my email address.
lensix ratingtwo Has a problem remembering simple words.
lenthirteen ratingthree Please fix the cause for the keyboard not sticking as the default keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingthree I used this a long time ago, and picked it up for a buck during the sale, but it needs more customization options.
lenseven ratingthree Namely, the smiley key needs custom smileys.
lentwelve ratingone Pls update thai language i have been waiting for the long time
lentwentytwo ratingtwo Sometimes word prediction doesn't show up. Have to exit out of keyboard then get back on again for it to appear.
lenthirteen ratingfive really loving it ;)  wish it wouldnt eat so much ram tho 28mb of ram?!
lentwentyfour ratingfour I would like some more customization options, such as disabling the keypress letter highlight, custom skins (even if just hex colors from a file).
lenthirteen ratingfive I have no complaints, just a request that you keep adding new themes!
lennine ratingfive English, of course, but with Korea prediction and everything?
lensixteen ratingfour The beta edition for Thai has been expired. Could you add it to any Thai peoples?
lenthirtytwo ratingfive My only flaw is since the jelly bean update if I have the keyboard open in messages and my screen locks; once the screen comes back the prediction function doesn't work
lenfifteen ratingfour It works great for everything but not so good when add ing non common names.
leneighteen ratingone something is happening and it is causing me to have to download the language over and over again.
leneight ratingthree But I would love a cleaner looking interface.
lenseventeen ratingthree Would love to have a option to hide all the extra long press keys minus the numbers.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Frankly some of the predictions are ridiculous you are better off with the normal keyboard.
lenfive ratingthree Not compatible with jelly bean.
lenfive ratingthree Resets after boot or restart.
lenseven ratingthree Will not set itself as default keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingone I recommended it to all of my friends, but ever since ics this app has been HORRIBLE.
lenfive ratingone The keyboard is horribly laggy.
lentwelve ratingone I've downloaded it more than 3 times and it keeps saying error
lentwentyone ratingfive Only issue found till date is that it crashes often with chrome, but that is not a deal breaker for me.
lenfive ratingfour Only complaint: no swype mode.
leneight ratingfive Would be better if echo stopped cheating though
lenthirteen ratingfive Would be cool if we could have some emojis added on to it
lennine ratingone Due to error 941 this is bs. Cannot refund either
lenfive ratingtwo Wouldn't install on my gs3
lenten ratingone I just purchased this app but it says error downloading.
lenfive ratingone It does not install. Error 941
lentwentytwo ratingfour I enjoy this app as it helps correct my errors fast but it doesn't remember the personal words I put in.
lennine ratingfour And I'd like to see more, newer themes.
lenseventeen ratingfive The only thing that I can think of to make this app better would be more themes!
leneleven ratingfive I just wish there was an option to hide the keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Bigger space bar, more themes, faster responses, and more intuitive.
lentwelve ratingone Every time you reboot your device it reverts back to stock keyboard!
lentwentytwo ratingfour As mentioned by some others some times it seems to slow down on certain other apps while the original never did so.
lentwentyseven ratingfour I sure don't mind but at the same time making even speedier and smooth as jelly bean is on my s3 would always be greatly appreciate it.
lenseventeen ratingfive They updated recently with two new themes, but they're too girly. How about a few more?
lenten ratingfive It would be nice if it used the personal dictionary.
lenthirteen ratingfour Developers could add a slide type of writing and that would be awesome.
leneleven ratingfour I would give it a 5 if i support chinese as well.
lentwentyseven ratingone But after a month of having it, it became extremely slow, typing on the screen would not happen, half the time corrections would not even show up.
lenfifteen ratingfour But since I root my phone, I constantly change roms, therefore reseting all my words.
lensix ratingfour It feels bad reseting 2000 custom words.
lenfiftynine ratingthree I was hoping to have a good heart symbol with the key board because that's something a girl uses a lot for commenting on photos and stuff like that if added, and I would be much happier with the application and rate it a five stars but, there are not a lot of color choices for your keyboard......
lenthirtysix ratingfour The functional keys in the bottom: shift, enter, backspace etc. come in a certain color with every theme. I would like this color to be fully customisable to make it fit my phone's theme better.
lenten ratingthree Best prediction keyboard available but mediocre design and button placement.
lenthirteen ratingfour Amazing keyboard and good value but it needs to have slide/swipe options.
lentwentyone ratingone Predictions and double space bar to accept predictions and insert period are not longer available in browsers and many other apps.
lenfive ratingtwo Spell check randomly stops working.
lenten ratingtwo Prediction will sometimes turn off when I sleep the phone.
leneleven ratingfour Need S-Pen button and writing grid for the galaxy note!
lenthirteen ratingfour Needs better emotes and I thinks that's it except maybe custom keyboards.
leneighteen ratingfour If you could customize the keyboard to a different colour for all keyboards, I will give you 5 stars.
lensixteen ratingfour The back-spacing on the keyboard is a bit slow. I wish I could adjust it.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo This work great for a while but now keeps crashing my phone and my phone won't work again until I pull the battery
lentwentythree ratingfive Just need to be sure that you check over what you're typing as it can get weird if you're not careful.
lenfour ratingfour Just add swype pleeease
lennineteen ratingfour Only reason it doesn't get a 5 star is I can not use swype as on the Samsung keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingtwo SK3 was working flawlessly until the AT&T JB update for S3 recently came out.
lentwentysix ratingtwo When locking the screen while having the text field open and the keyboard out and then unlocking the phone, the text field rewrites itself and resizes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Also, there is lag in the keyboard processes when sending and receiving messages.
leneleven ratingtwo Will return to give 5 stars once jb update issues are resolved.
lenthirtysix ratingthree I would like to see the numbers separately above the the first row of the keys. And when on land scape mode it takes up the whole screen and will not show you the text screen.
lentwentyfour ratingfive I've had it for a whole but avoided using it because it doesn't matter have the heart symbol like the Samsung keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive (I still hope for some hearts :D)
lentwelve ratingfive I do wish it supported Japanese characters, but otherwise it's perfect.
lenthirteen ratingfour Plzzzz i luv swiftkey but no vnmese support is a dealbreaker for me
leneighteen ratingfour Nice keyboard but even in its new v3 incarnation there's no dedicated voice key, hence losing a star.
lennine ratingfour C'mon Swiftkey, YOU NEED A DEDICATED VOICE KEY!
lennineteen ratingtwo It doesn't have a percent symbol, what the hell kind of keyboard doesn't have a percent symbol
lensixteen ratingtwo Would be awesome if it didn't keep resetting back to its original settings every 5 mins.
lentwentytwo ratingfour atm the lowest sound level for the type writer style sound is way too loud, I'd really like a quieter option!
lenthirteen ratingfive wish there was some more themes for it like maybe a pink one? :-)
lentwentythree ratingtwo Used to work brilliantly with previous android versions but the Swiftkey auto correct function stopped working after using it with Android jelly bean.
lenthirtythree ratingthree As much as is pains me to say, this app has been the root of a bunch of problems on my phone. Crashes and freezing are all too familiar when this is active.
lenseven ratingfour But I wish it used less memory!
lenthirteen ratingfour The word "it's" is almost impossible and always comes out as "is".
leneight ratingfour Also could you allow use of could words?
leneight ratingfour Please integrate learning from WhatsApp Messenger as well.
lenthirtysix ratingfour At the bottom corner there's an option for the regular smileys while texting but can there be an option to switch those to emoji or even an option to change them to what you want?
lenseven ratingfive Sometimes wish it had more themes though.
lennine ratingfour Only snag is the haptic feedback doesn't work.
leneleven ratingfour However the shift key could be either less sensitive or moved.
lenthirteen ratingfour Often times when I hit the "A" key I hit the shift key.
lensixteen ratingone I can't download the language pack. It's the same error over and over again.
lensixteen ratingthree Good app but the Turkish dictionary is very insufficient. It doesn't contain many basic words.
lennineteen ratingfour I request developers to add the support for training the keyboard through whatsapp similar to twitter, Google and Facebook.
lensix ratingthree Suggested words were never accurate either.
lensixteen ratingfour It's good but I'm only going it 4 stars because it doesn't have swype.
lensix ratingthree The best,no s-pen detection?
lensix ratingthree where is handwriting for s pen?
lensixtythree ratingfive My only issue with this and it's a SERIOUS issue with me is that since I got the update for my S III to 4.1 is that I can not find out how to turn off the haptic feedback when I type. The phone's settings have it turned off but no matter what I do to try and troubleshoot it, nothing works.
lenfour ratingfour would love more themes!
lenfifteen ratingthree But, it's been almost a year and I think one new theme was added!
lennine ratingthree Come on guys... Get on board the theme wagon!
lentwelve ratingfive Would like to see manual selection between languages instead of auto detection.
lentwentytwo ratingfive This by far the best keyboard out there, but with my recent update to JB, its kinda laggy and not so functional.
lentwenty ratingthree As mentioned by others, Google search has slowed with the keyboard not appearing for several seconds when using this keyboard.
lentwentynine ratingfive I have had this keyboard since I first got the Evo, I just love it, I wish it allowed me to input emojis but it is still a 5star app!
lentwelve ratingfour SwiftKey please add: Swipe, personal dictionary and prediction for email and name.
lenfive ratingone Not working with jelly bean
lenfourteen ratingfour Some of the predictive text functions are annoying but its a good app otherwise.
lensix ratingfour Pleeeaassseee come out with more themes....
lenfourteen ratingfour I'd still like an editable dictionary of the words that it has learned.
lenfour ratingtwo Closes while I type.
lennineteen ratingtwo Puts in wrong words when I have the right words and completely omits words when I type too fast.
leneleven ratingtwo Oh and the voice recognition of voice to text barely works.
lenfifteen ratingfour After updating to jb, there is no heptic intensity control. It's always full blast.
lentwenty ratingfive But i don't like keyboard skin model, if you can make keyboard skin like original keyboard, itu Will great
lenthirty ratingthree Just updated my AT&T galaxy s3 from os 4.0.4 to the new 4.1.1 jelly bean and my paid version of swift key 3 no longer works and keeps force closing fix this please??
lenfortyeight ratingfive If you just make it possible to sync user dictionary with Google drive so we can have it with Multiple devices (that will let you have the new words you typed in all of your devices) and don't lose them if you wipe or change the device.
lenfifteen ratingfive Syncing will be great in background with every time the keyboard shows up and disappears.
lenten ratingfive Or please add a way to customize your own theme.
leneighteen ratingfour swiftkey is really a good keyboard.. but not perfect for me, hope can improve by adding chinese language.
lenten ratingfour besides, slide to delete not so sensitive, hope can improve
lentwentyseven ratingfive Updated to Jelly Bean. I have all haptic feedback turned off on my phone, but after the update it has been turned back on only using SwiftKey.
lenfive ratingfive It's draining my battery.
leneleven ratingone My phone stoped responding While using the keyboard seince recent update.
lenseven ratingfive Just improve the polish and french dict. :-)
lentwentythree ratingfour This keyboard was stunning on my old Galaxy Ace2 but I now use Galaxy S3 mini running Jelly Bean 4.1 and now Swiftkey will not work.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour The keyboard refuses to pop-up when i require to type ( in all apps including txt, kingsoft office, WhatsApp log-in's etc) and I hve to revert to the Samsung keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Regretably had to un-install.
lenthirteen ratingfive The swipe down gesture to minimize the keyboard doesn't work very well.
lentwentyseven ratingthree Now, occasionally the text predictions won't come up AT ALL and it seems like words are being put in that I NEVER was attempting to write.
lentwentyfive ratingthree Also, I am not too fond of the fact that when I do spell a word wrong, it doesn't automatically insert the correct word.
lentwelve ratingfive we need more themes!! like a red and green one for Christmas!!
lenthree ratingfive or color personalization
lenthirteen ratingtwo Now there are 5 croatian letters at most right making all keys unbelievably tiny!!
lennine ratingtwo And I don't want to type in landscape.
lenten ratingone Autocorrect no longer works since they put out swiftkey flow.
lenfortyone ratingfive Have noticed a bug with it though (although not sure if this is a bug with the keyboard or with android), whenever my phone runs out of battery or I restart it for any reason, the keyboard defaults to Samsung Keyboard.
lensixteen ratingone After turning on phone keyboard does not load. Have to go into settings and choose again.
lensix ratingthree It misses the hinglish language support.
lenthirtyone ratingfive It still lags on viber but over all it is amazing but yeah when is SwiftKey Flow coming to this app or making a new one the is the flow version??
lentwentysix ratingfour Issue 1: I don't use smileys!! Please give me the option to have a persistent enter key, instead of the smiley key forced by some apps.
leneighteen ratingfour Issue 2: Alt keys layout. Couldn't you just set it out like EVERY OTHER KEYBOARD ON THE MARKET!?
lenthirtythree ratingfour I want my numbers where they are shown on the main screen,  I want my alt keys where they are shown on the main screen. At least give the option to your users.
lentwentyone ratingthree This keyboard is amazing for English but it doesn't have a Japanese option so it's very inconvenient for me.
lenten ratingfour The only 'complaint' is that the themes are quite awful.
lenseventeen ratingone When I'm on Facebook I only get the keyboard. No auto correct or word - guess - er.
lennineteen ratingone Also when I finish a word at the end of a line I can't insert a space bar??
lentwentyfour ratingfive I love this apps,  it's a good keyboard app but i strongly request for the Chinese input cause ii use it a lot.
lenfifteen ratingfour Slow to minimize on JB Maxx HD update, the functionality however destroys ics/jb keyboard.
leneleven ratingfour Awesome keyboard needs more haptic feedback and it will be perfect.
lenthirteen ratingfive Waiting for chinese support, it's amazing to try this kind of input.
lenthirteen ratingfour It would be more awesome if they would add a screen shot key.
lenfive ratingfour Can you add traditional Chinese?
lenfourteen ratingfive The keyboard is now running slow, freezes  takes a while to open and close...
lenseventeen ratingfive I love everything about the app except for one thing, I wish there were more theme options.
lentwelve ratingfour I have a galaxy note and the swiping feature doesn't work..
leneight ratingtwo Love the keyboard but its really slow now
lentwelve ratingone When I changed it back to the samsung galaxy keyboard it stopped.
lenthirteen ratingfour The only complaint is have is that there isn't a customized dictionary.
lenten ratingfour It doesn't predict words I use all the time
lenten ratingone Pls update thai language im waiting for the long time
lentwelve ratingfour I deducted one star, however, because it causes crashes with some regularity.
lenfour ratingtwo Needs another simultaneous dictionary.
lentwo ratingtwo Annoying censorship.
leneighteen ratingtwo I can understand censoring explicit swearing but words like "gay", "horny" or "sex" get changed into something else.
lenthirteen ratingtwo "Erection" gets go changed into "election" although the letters aren't even near.
lensix ratingtwo Also, apparently, dictionaries not too complete.
lenfour ratingtwo "Egyptian" doesn't exist.
lensix ratingtwo Writing in Portuguese is a pain.
lenthirteen ratingone since the update when i type, it puts random periods and wrong text.
lenthirtythree ratingone I get an error message when I try to install the language pack that says there is a problem with the network connection, make sure your network connection is working, then try again.
lenseventeen ratingone I think the problem may be that this new version of the Note is running Jelly Bean.
lentwelve ratingone I see that some others running Jelly Bean are also experiencing problems.
lennine ratingone If got Chinese input I will give you 5 star.
lenfive ratingone Hope faster get Chinese input!!
lenfour ratingone Were need Chinese input!!!
lennine ratingfive Normal typing just doesn't cut it any more.
lenfortyone ratingfive Normally I would give it only four stars because there are still a few very minor bugs that need ironing out from a power user perspective, but this app is one of the key selling points for Android, in my opinion.
lenthirtynine ratingthree Why is the smiley face button more important than the enter button? With a keyboard that's supposed to be fast and cater to the user it makes no sense as to why this shouldn't be an option.
leneight ratingone Why does it learn from everything except whatsapp?
lentwelve ratingfive The keyboard sometimes have a lag when typing, especially on number pad.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Other thing is that the layout is confusing when you need to quickly use symbol, I like my S3 stock keyboard layout more.
lenthirteen ratingthree Back to 3 stars until they add an option to disable the key popup !!!
lentwentyseven ratingfour My only slight annoyance is when the ".com" key appears. I wish there was an option to hide it, I seem to press it on accident often.
lenfourteen ratingfour Also, why does SwiftKey continually give me a notification for choosing the default keyboard?
lenfourteen ratingone After upgrading to Jelly Bean, this app had stop working, language pack  download failed...
lentwentythree ratingfour I purchased this app because it simply awesome but after I movedto jellybean it'sshowing error crashes and copy and paste optionsare disabled.
lentwo ratingfive More themes..?
lenfourteen ratingthree Works perfect but for some reason it lags when I exit the typing mode.
lentwentyseven ratingfive Only thing is that if you screw up the last word of a text message and hit send it doesn't fix that last word before sending..
leneleven ratingfive Please make it fix the last word when we hit send.....
lenthirteen ratingfour Could use an update for better keys on 7 inch tablets  Like my nexus 7
lenfourteen ratingtwo Im one of those people who depend on auto correct and it never works.
leneleven ratingthree Good keyboard but ''percentage'' symbol missing and not very good performance...
lentwenty ratingone Thanks forbalways adding words when i hit the space bar and for always learning the wrong way to spell words.
lenseven ratingfive Would love to see more themes though!
lenthirteen ratingthree but no compact QWERTY option which I think is essential in portrait view
lenfive ratingtwo Not compatible with jelly bean.
lenfive ratingtwo Resets after boot or restart.
lensix ratingfive more themes would be appreciated dev.
lensixteen ratingfour Please please please revert back to a seperate "!" button like in the old version of swiftkey.
lennineteen ratingfour I press "!" "?" and "." way more often than the letter "q". It deserves its own place. 1 button for 3 common keys?
leneight ratingfour BUT PLEASE HAVE A SEPARATE KEY FOR "!" AND "?"!!!
lenthirtythree ratingfive One thing it needs is the ability to change to the writing pad as I am using the galaxy note 2 and sometimes I prefer it that way, otherwise this is almost near perfect.
lenten ratingfour The only thing I would add is more customisation options!
lentwenty ratingtwo This app is very good w/ English  But Arabic layout is very annoying, Please use Windows layout instead of MAC
lenthirteen ratingfour But why does it take up 27 MB of RAM on my Galaxy Nexus?
leneighteen ratingfour The more RAM programs use the less program you can run EFFICIENTLY, slowing down the phone in general.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour Often I notice slowdown on my phone and find app taking up RAM for no reason and have to uninstall the Hogs. This is similar to the memory leak problem Firefox has on the desktop.
lennineteen ratingfive Could you add a new theme "RED NEON" just like the blue neon (which is great by the way)....
lenfive ratingtwo Arabic letters are rather small
leneight ratingfive but uses good amount of ram in background.
lentwentyfive ratingfour It's a decent keyboard replacement but I feel that the famous prediction and correction engine is a little overhyped especially the auto correction part.
lentwentythree ratingfour For example typing lowercase free standing "i" isn't auto capitalized, typing "whats" isn't auto corrected to "what's" and so on.
lenseven ratingfour It also takes a lot of memory.
lennine ratingfour Sometimes its a bit freaky how predictable this is.
lensix ratingfour Just wish it had more themes.
lenthirteen ratingthree But frequently it does weird things when trying to type on the Web.
lentwentytwo ratingthree (Dolphin) Frequently when entering text in a field it repeats the first key press instead of typing the letters I am pressing.
lenthirteen ratingfive Best keyboard that u can find, thr personalization on it is just unpredictable!
lentwenty ratingfive It would be nice if it had some options to take advantage of the huge screens that are coming out.
lentwentythree ratingfour Good but please have a save to see card option I payed 4 bucks for this and I takes up a lot of space.
leneight ratingfive But would like to see more colors please!
lenfourteen ratingfive this is the best keyboard ever, but it eats quite a lot of ram
lennine ratingthree Jelly Bean resets Swiftkey when the phone is restarted.
lensix ratingfive Any chance to add Chinese language?
lensix ratingfive Just wish you could swipe also
lenfour ratingone Main problem prediction (lithuanian).
lenthirteen ratingone Would be more stars if there was possibility to turn off the prediction.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Now it seems to be making up its own words and not correct anything even when I have cleared the language data.
lenten ratingthree It needs a number row like the stock note keyboard
lenthirteen ratingtwo When I use this keyboard on my gs3 it is very unresponsive and laggy.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Only complaint is the amount of RAM needed and the delay that occurs when closing the keyboard after hitting the home button.
leneleven ratingfour I will support you if you add support for Japanese language.
lentwentythree ratingfour It kinda annoys me that it has persian (who in the world speaks persian) and not such a widely known language as Japanese.
lenthree ratingfive More themes please.
lenfifteen ratingfour Only request is for a collapse keyboard button. Sometimes buttons like that are just needed.
lensix ratingone Time for more themes thank u
leneight ratingfive Love it, all it needs is more themes.
lenten ratingfour I'll give 5 stars when the Jellybean issue is fixed.
lenten ratingone I want to see performance increased for the Samsung Galaxy S3.
leneight ratingfive All the app really lacks is more themes.
leneight ratingfive Good keyboard but, can we disable the prediction?
lenten ratingfive Once the swype features are added it'll be unrivalled!
lenthirteen ratingfive Just wish you had more themes or ability to make a custom theme.
lentwenty ratingone I dont know what the dev thought when he decided to ask for email and facebook access (major security concern).
lennineteen ratingtwo The app is supposed to allow y to delete mistaken words you don't want in the language model.
lentwentythree ratingtwo I press and hold the prediction, and there is no option to delete! It's really annoying because common typos then become predictions
lenseventeen ratingthree After reboot im locked back into the Samsung keyboard, help me it is already set for default
lensixteen ratingfour But the only downside is that since jellybean update its constantly "forget" the default keyboard selection...
lenseventeen ratingthree Overall product quality is very good except it's user defined library doesn't work with whatsapp.
lennine ratingthree Because of whatsapp issue I can just give 3 stars...
lenthirtyfive ratingfive My only concern is that when entering emails the app needs to recognize that you are doing so and needs to adjust accordingly (eithout automatically spacing after periods, auto capatilizing letters for certain email addresses).
lenfive ratingtwo But really bad performance on 4.1.
lenseven ratingtwo Hangs often and really slow button response.
leneighteen ratingfour The only issue I have is that it is slow to start up at times in most apps.
lenthirteen ratingfour Please fix the slow start up times and this is a perfect keyboard!
lenfifteen ratingfour I love this keyboard but have started having an issue after upgrade to Jelly Bean.
lentwentythree ratingfour The Predictions row gets turned off each time I wake the screen if the keyboard was open when the screen goes to sleep.
lenten ratingfour If I close the keyboard and reopen, predictions come back.
lenseven ratingfive Let's get some more themes now! ;-)
lenseventeen ratingfour but now that i use voice input, there is no easy way of inserting a full stop.
lentwentynine ratingfour add a feature so that while talking to the mobile, there is another button beside the mic icon to insert a fullstop and you willl get your 5 stars back!
lentwentyfour ratingfive Certainly the best for typing, the only thing I would like you to improve in a upcoming update is maybe a few more themes?
lentwentytwo ratingfive As petty as it sounds I would love a red keyboard to match the rest of my phone's theme and case!
lennine ratingfour All we need is Chinese input (I prefer strokes)
lensix ratingone No word prediction in various browsers.
lenfive ratingone No dedicated # row option either.
lenfifteen ratingthree If only you can move cursor by sliding finger accros the keyboard, not with arrows.
lentwentytwo ratingone It's been MONTHS since hundreds if not thousands of users faithfully and trustingly waiting for the additional of Chinese language support.
lenten ratingone But with more languages added,Chinese never made the list.
lensixteen ratingthree SwiftKey makes my typing hella fast and easier but there need to have a Chinese input..
leneight ratingfour 1 suggestion, pls add more theme for this app
lenthirteen ratingfive If they could integrate a bit of slide like FlexT9 it would be unbeatable.
lentwelve ratingthree Auto correct and predictions only work on few apps for jelly bean.
lennine ratingthree Can't even get it for the default browser.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Also, when I have the keyboard enabled, it for some reason disables the handwriting feature in the Samsung Keyboard for the Note 2
lennineteen ratingfour I like this a lot more than the standard key pad thing, would get 5 stars if you added swype.
lentwo ratingfive More themes!
leneight ratingone I can download any language except for English.
lensix ratingtwo **still not saving any new words!!
leneleven ratingtwo Seems to have totally forgotten a lot of my saved words.
leneighteen ratingtwo Also if I type too fast it just deletes the word and I have to type it again.
lennine ratingthree Changed to three stars because it loves the battery.
lenten ratingthree Cut my S III's battery time almost in half.
lentwentytwo ratingthree PLZ make more themes n can u make the key board look like adapt keyboards plz make the key board respond faster
lenfour ratingfour EXELENT BUT NO WWW
lenthirtyone ratingfive My only gripe is that when I hit close to the 'i'  key I sometimes hit the 'u' key instead,  and i never use u for you so this bothers me.
lenseventeen ratingone It doesn't support one hand operation which is so essential for the giant screen of Note 2.
lentwelve ratingthree I use the swipe on android and this keyboard  dont have it
lenten ratingthree I don't like how laggy it can be sometimes.
lentwelve ratingthree It is especially bad when I switch between numbers/symbols and letters.
leneighteen ratingthree I also have speed issues when I'm touch typing like I would on the normal android keyboard.
lennineteen ratingfour But PLEASE add swipe right as a redo. (swipe left deletes a word,  so swipe left undoes that deletion).
lenseven ratingfour I often find myself accidentally deleting words...
lenfourteen ratingthree Its take so much time for pop up and its typing speed is slow
lenfourteen ratingthree The predictions don't show up and it won't auto correct my words.
lentwentytwo ratingone My version has a few misspelled words that it automatically displays in the predictions window. Cannot edit the dictionary to remove them.
lenseven ratingone SmartSpace is terrible, unadjustable, and too invasive.
lenten ratingone FYI: SwiftKey doesn't like the Moto LapDock at all.
lentwentyfive ratingfour Certain behaviors like automatic spacing after periods are a pain in the @$$ when trying to type in my email address that has periods in it.
lenten ratingfour An option that disables automatic spacing after punctuation is necessary.
lenthirteen ratingfour I would also like to see an option to edit the personal dictionary.
lentwelve ratingfour Its a great keyboard however I wish it suppoerted the samsung swipe.
lentwenty ratingtwo As mentioned in title, please consider to add numeric key at top row, this will significantly improve the typing speed
lenseventeen ratingfive Bug: when typing words beginning with a capital letter on Firefox, that word won't be written
lenfive ratingone And plz provide new themes.
lenfourteen ratingfour Sometimes the auto predict won't even come up when you're texting/typing.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Some of the minor problems I have with it are the fact that the keyboard wants to insert an I if you hit enter after a period.
leneighteen ratingfour I like the fact that it can predict my words but I rarely start a sentence with I.
lenforty ratingfour Also some of the words it will allow me to type and won't correct are some of the most mispelled words, although there are only a handful and the keyboard will learn which words you use and don't.
lenthirteen ratingthree I love this keyboard, but since updating to 4.2.1, I've got performance issues.
lentwentytwo ratingthree First, the keyboard takes too long to show up  second, the keyboard lags when typing rapidly (it used to be buttery smooth).
lentwelve ratingone Would have been great to receive the incompatibility warning PRIOR to paying.
lensixteen ratingtwo The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous. Allow the option to turn it off.
leneight ratingone It keeps inserting words I don't want.
lentwo ratingone Limited dictionary.
leneighteen ratingone Costs me way more effort than the std keyboard because I have to go back constantly to correct.
lenfourteen ratingthree Just little niggles like not working correctly in Chrome like user name and captchas.
lensix ratingthree Emoji support would be awesome please.
lentwentytwo ratingfour This is an outstanding app and I would give it a 5 rating if they can add: (1) Swipe functionality and (2) More keyboard themes.
lenten ratingfour The current set of themes lack the look and feel.
lenfifteen ratingone Keeps saying it saved me 10,000 keystroke but it doesnt take into account the 50,000 it missed.
leneleven ratingone Doesnt even put an apostrophe on the doesnt in this critique.
lenfive ratingfive Just lacking the ! shortcut now.
lenthirteen ratingfour I can't fix typos often when I already have typed other words.
lentwentytwo ratingfour I'll go back to fix it and when I press the backspace button, it adds chucks of words instead of erasing.
lensixteen ratingfour Also, when typing in all capitals, the auto correct is very bad. Especially the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfour Rarely has a hiccup, but some keys I'd rather have on the main board.
lentwentyfive ratingfive Speaking of which though, I wish there was Japanese and Chinese available so I don't have to keep switching keyboards just to type those!
lenfour ratingfive Please add more themes
lenseventeen ratingthree Great app but you lose the ability to add standard Samsung characters, like the hearts for example.
lenfour ratingthree Also no personal dictionary.
lentwentyone ratingfour What about being able to learn from whatsapp as I do most of the typing there (most of the people do).
lensix ratingfour We also need Italian keyboard layout
lenthirteen ratingfour I gave it a 4 because I thought it would have more color customization.
lenthree ratingone Need Thai language
lenfive ratingone Dude where are the themes!??
lentwentyfive ratingthree When I just had the trial version the app worked like a charm but now it freezes from time to time for no apparent reason.
lenthirtyone ratingthree I am forced to exit the program and start over from the beginning-sending emails is even worse - in landscape view it is almost impossible to see what you are writing
lenfourteen ratingfour Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that we can't type in Chinese!!!
lenthirtythree ratingfour I mean, there's even languages I have never heard of, but not Chinese mandarin...oh and another, at times it doesn't automatically autocorrect and a word such as "gjakdn" will pass
leneleven ratingone Tle letter for arabic keyboard is small very difficult to write
lennine ratingfive Only thing I'd change is more theme options
lentwenty ratingfour After my Galaxy Nexus got updated to 4.2, the keyboard was gone.Not just gone as default keyboard, but removed uninstalled.
lennineteen ratingtwo The basic s-pen function is not there and you have to revert back to the basic android application.
lenfourteen ratingfive I commonly have the problem that it will not do predictions in landscape mode.
lensix ratingfive Need a button to toggle predictions.
lenseventeen ratingthree Now it's just like any other keyboard, not keeping my regularly used terms in its dictionary.
lentwenty ratingfour It's lacking customisation to make it efficient enough to compete with Swype which makes touch typing feel like swimming.
lentwelve ratingone The auto correction is totally busted(makes you write like a retard)
lenseven ratingone The setup is overly complicated and confusing.
lenten ratingfour Please add a vibrate setting like the stock Android keyboard.
lenfiftyfour ratingfour I have noticed that the standard Samsung keyboard method will come back every now and then and I have to swipe to get the notification center and change back to "SwiftKey 3" from "Samsung keyboard" on my Galaxy S3. It will happen every time I restart the phone and then try to text or anything else.
lentwentyeight ratingfour On occasion the cursor will stop moving beyond the last word, so it always appears as if it's in the middle of a world no matter what.
lentwentythree ratingfour I am also unable to use predictive text when sharing anything to Facebook. It renders it useless anytime I see something Facebook worthy.
lentwentyfive ratingfour The only problem I have with this keyboard is that sometimes it will interpret my fast typing as a deletion swipe, which can be frustrating -
lentwenty ratingthree It doesnt work with fb chat... which is the ideal situation to make use of fast typing and auto correct.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive the only improvement that SwiftKey needs is the ability to paste into whatsapp - to do this right now i have to switch to the Samsung keyboard and hold the 123? Button to paste.
lenthirteen ratingthree The keyboard layout is not to my liking and cannot be changed much...
lentwenty ratingthree If I just press space bar many times it writes a long sentence somebody else wrote me in an email...
lensix ratingtwo There is a ton if lag!
lennineteen ratingtwo I start to type and it doesn't register until seconds later and I've already written a paragraph.
lenfive ratingtwo Eats a ton of RAM.
lentwelve ratingone Major issues with Chrome fields.... Jumps all over the place, erases characters.
lenfourteen ratingthree Personally I find I type less accurately with this keyboard than the stock one.
leneight ratingthree Also don't like the numbers/characters panel.
lenthirteen ratingthree The option to have a more classic looking one wouldn't go amiss.
lenthirteen ratingfive Awesome keyboard but hopefully there will be han yin pinyin support real soon
lentwentyfive ratingone I posted a review telling that on Samsung Galaxy Note doesn't work very well, it keeps crashing and freezing my messaging app and whatsapp.
lentwelve ratingone Sometimes I have to wait MINETES till I can use it again.
lennine ratingfour I can't stand not having a dedicated '?' key.
lenten ratingfive And speed but every update resets my personal word info.
lenseventeen ratingfive Please allow a backup and give us the option to ADD our own words with priority settings.
lenfive ratingfive Excellent keyboard but Japanese please!
leneight ratingone Does not work in dolphin browser on my GS3.
lennine ratingfive Now need feature to backup learned language from typing.
lenfive ratingtwo Why still not support Chinese?
lentwentyeight ratingtwo On occasion the cursor will stop moving beyond the last word, so it always appears as if it's in the middle of a world no matter what.
lenthirteen ratingtwo I am also unable to use predictive text when sharing anything to Facebook.
lenten ratingtwo It renders it useless anytime I see something Facebook worthy.
leneighteen ratingfour Easily the best keyboard on Google Play, just needs to catch up with Asian language support, especially Japanese.
leneighteen ratingfive Just needs to add quick-insert of predefined strings, and a few tweaks such as completion with hyphen.
leneleven ratingthree Taking up too much memory of late on jb 37mb at times
lennine ratingone Prediction and ai learning how you type stopped working!
leneight ratingfive But keyboard too small on my Motorola ATRIX.
leneleven ratingthree Good keyboard, great predictions, but loses stars for not having macrons.
lenthree ratingthree Please implement macrons!
leneleven ratingfour I love this app but how come chinese is still unavailable?
lenfour ratingfour When it support Chinese!!
lensix ratingthree But it not have Vietnamese language.
lenten ratingfour Could u guys please add Chinese to the languages list?
lenthirtytwo ratingfive When I use the multitasking multi windows, the SwiftKey keyboard stays the same size when in the Samsung keyboard it gets smaller and the keyboard Window is able to be moved around.
lentwentynine ratingfive One fault could be the lack of personal dictionary as it doesn't allow you to save words you use the most etc other than that it's brilliant.
leneight ratingtwo Would rate this 5  if it  had Japanese language.
lentwelve ratingtwo I saw the update but disappointed to see no Japanese input yet.
lenthirteen ratingthree It's a fairly good keyboard but the autocorrection isn't very strong.
lennine ratingthree For example, typing pf isn't changed to of.
lentwentyfive ratingone For some strange reason the swiftkey keyboard keep on skipping keystrokes in random places as I type, making it completely impossible for me to type
lensix ratingfour Awesome must have, but no emoji.
lenten ratingfour And the Swedish dictionary is broken, splits composite words up.
lenten ratingfive still not loading automatixally at boot even with 4.1.1 os sammy s3
lenfifteen ratingfive I hate how it keeps capitalizing the letter "i" even tho auto capital is off...
lenten ratingfive My "enter"  or "return"  key has disappeared while using WhatsApp.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Even in GoSms, the enter key has shifted to the last row and it's place has been taken by the back arrow key.
lenfourteen ratingthree It's great keyboard but I've waiting for THAI that you're developing :-)
lennineteen ratingfour It's be nice if you could edit smileys or if you had multiple smiley sets to choose from.
lenthirteen ratingfour Just recently app repeatedly force closes until it is disabled in input settings.
lennineteen ratingfour Frustrating since I had to delete all of the learned suggestions, but it's back so I'm happy.
leneight ratingfour Great app but wish there were more themes
leneight ratingfive Sure would like to see some new themes
leneight ratingthree Keeps switching back to the dafult Samsung keyboard.
leneight ratingfour Reset of phone required to fix issue temporarily.
lenten ratingfour The only thing needed is swype to make it complete :)
leneleven ratingfour When it has 2 languages selected it mostly makes predictions in one
lentwentyeight ratingfour Great app very easy to use and I love the level of customisation but is does suffer from over sampling the keystrokes while the phone is being charged.
lenten ratingfour Otherwise perfect, although this is kind of a big deal.
leneight ratingfour I could not even personalize my writing style.
leneleven ratingfive I want it to be able to learn from whatsapp too!
lensix ratingfour please add emojis and other stuff
lentwentyfour ratingfive You might also have to change a few small settings to taylor it how you want it to auto space, period, and what not.
lenseventeen ratingthree Currently messes up when trying to type comments, messages etc on the mobile website version of Facebook.
lensixteen ratingthree It would be better if it could be used on Google Search and on my browser.
leneight ratingfour I just wish it worked on my Facebook..
lentwenty ratingtwo but lags like hell often when u wake up the phone after deep sleep and feel like smashing my phone ..
lenthirteen ratingfour Great app but needs to be a little more customizable, or more themes.
lenseventeen ratingfour Also, a selection of copyright and trademark symbols , ?, this very important key is currently; hard to find.
lentwentyfour ratingfour This vital key should be front and center considering the level of proprietary issues, that arise; daily, from social media postings; from general observational
leneleven ratingthree And now it doesnt want to download the english or spanish
leneleven ratingfour Is there anyway swift key can create a red color theme?
lenthree ratingone Watsapp conflict + more
leneleven ratingthree The keyboard is great, but hard to use with one hand.
leneight ratingfive Only thing missing for me is a <3 emoticon.
lenfour ratingone Punctuation key is annoying.
lennine ratingone Please give option for tighter or old keyboard layout.
lenfive ratingone Arrow keys are unnecessarily large.
lensixteen ratingfour 1. Predictive text would be great while typing at anytime on the phone, not just for sms.
lenten ratingone The whole number/symbol entry screen needs to be redone.
lenseventeen ratingthree But one major flaw on this for a fast typer is the lack of MULTI TOUCH support.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree And for god sake why don't you put an option to turn off "family filter" so i can write properly instead of seeing duck everytime i want to write something else.
lentwelve ratingfive I wish you could still use swype but everything else is AWESOME
lenfifteen ratingfour Wish I had options to make font larger on the keys, like A.I. Keyboard.
leneight ratingfive Wish the keyboard could show Gtalk's emoticons.
lentwentytwo ratingfive If there is a negative comparing the 2 it would be the lack of customisation compared to smart keyboard pro, which is endless!
lenfifteen ratingfour It would also be nice to have more themes or support for third party themes.
lenten ratingtwo Why isn't the predictive typing working in dolphin browser?
lenten ratingfive I like swype but the space bar is too small.
lentwentyone ratingfive Here's any idea you guys should come out with different key board themes for each holiday like if you agree
lenthirtyfive ratingthree It would be good if this paid for app would be a bit more configurable ie allow me to add an apostrophe on the main keyboard rather than have to go to the supplementary one
lenthirteen ratingone Smilies as default on the enter key are a deal breaker for me.
lenfifteen ratingfive Love the keyboards just Wish I could change typing sounds other than that great app!!
lenseven ratingfour Wish they had some better looking themes
lentwelve ratingfive Only thing missing is Welsh lang. Basque, Catalan, Galician, Icelandic... no Welsh?
lenfive ratingone Add Jelly Bean emoji support!
lenfive ratingfour Add more keyboard skins please!!!
lentwentyone ratingfive The update killed it on my thunderbolt. :( it says its turned on but I only get factory keyboard when I type
leneighteen ratingfive I just wish they had more language options like Japanese and Chinese, which I hope will come soon.
lenten ratingfive I'm hoping we are getting some new Good themes!!!
lentwentynine ratingfive Why they decided to put numbers on the left side and symbols on the right is beyond me (rather than numbers along the top and symbols on the rest).
lensix ratingfive Please continue develop the Spanish language.
lensixteen ratingthree It works well but there should be an option for adding custom words to the dictionary.
lennine ratingfive Currently enter key does not commit best to match.
lenfourteen ratingfour Also not happy with the collection-of-data warning at the beginning of installation.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Love the keyboard and all its features, but I have not been able to bill my provider's acct for Google play downloads ever since installing it.
lenseven ratingthree Without the personalized dictionary, I uninstalled it.
lennine ratingthree Also, they need to make enoticons easier to access...
lenseventeen ratingfour Please add marathi and hindi language support and the app will be the perfect keyboard  for 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfour Please add the marathi and hindi font.
lenthirteen ratingfive Only complaint is it would be nice to import settings from the trial.
lenten ratingfour It would be nice if they had more keyboard customizing.
lennine ratingfour Add some more themes, keypad and key press tones..
leneight ratingfive Not as accurate as it used to be.
lennine ratingfour I only wish it was trace/swipe text capable.
lenten ratingthree Please make the tablet version an option inside this app.
lensixteen ratingfive Only minor issue I have is I wish there was more themes for the key board
lentwentyone ratingthree My favorite, really, but it makes me have to switch to other input methods because of the lack of Chinese support.
lentwentythree ratingfive No problems at all, better than stock Samsung, but like others are saying, a personal dictionary would be great and the word shortcuts.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo SwiftKey plus chrome plus certain types of forms (particularly ones that require an email address) leads to a very ugly slow motion crash on ics.
lenseven ratingfive need to fix arabic on jelly bean
lenseven ratingfour Recently experiencing freezing at times in landscape.
lentwentyeight ratingone Every time I'm typing a long status on face book this keyboard will take words I'm typing and put them in the beginning of the status.
lenfive ratingone uses excessive amounts of ram...
lentwentyseven ratingfive I tend to hit the letter "b" instead of the space bar sometimes and it fails to predict that I'm trying to hit the space bar.
lenthirteen ratingtwo This crashes at minimum ten times a day during web browsing via Chrome.
lenseventeen ratingone the. com button when typing in a browser url is the most annoying thing about this keyboard.
lennineteen ratingone I love the keyboard but when I type texting 6 times and it shows tearing I get a bit frustrated.
leneight ratingfive Gets removed as default keyboard after every reboot.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Too bad, because I did enjoy the features of SwiftKey, but I make so many errors using SwiftKey on the HOX that I can't use it.
leneight ratingthree Can you PLEASE fix the lag with ics?
leneleven ratingfive But won't  stay as default when start up or reboot?
lenfifteen ratingone Constantly crashes, slows down the phone, and uninstalls active language to force internet connection establishment.
lenten ratingone This app shouldn't require constant internet connection to work.
lensix ratingone Font doesn't change with theme.
lenseven ratingthree Backspace is often triggered as well randomly.
lenfourteen ratingone The default keyboard setting for SwiftKey is going away when I remove the battery.
lenthirtyone ratingthree Suggestions are awesome, but not many things annoy me as much as when I type something and SwiftKey changes it to something wrong even though I didn't choose a suggtion.
lensix ratingfive Chrome + SwiftKey = constant freeze and crash.
leneleven ratingone It's getting tedious setting SwiftKey as my keyboard each time.
lenten ratingthree The space that inserts after a punctuation is fairly annoying.
lennine ratingone And 30 to 40 mb is too much for a keyboard.
lentwelve ratingone Doesn't predict swears, custom words, or abbreviations w/ symbols (ie. "w/").
leneight ratingthree You select the correct spelling and nothing happens.
lenthirteen ratingthree Typing an email address is a pain in the ass with this app.
lentwelve ratingfour One little thing annoys me tho: the auto correct is really stubborn!
lentwentythree ratingone There are plenty more like me - see your "new features" topics on your support pages. An option to disable this would restore 5 stars.
lentwenty ratingfour Only annoying bug on JB, is that whenever i reboot my phone, the keyboard reverts back to the JB one.
leneighteen ratingthree Upgraded to an LG intuition and, while it still functions properly, it does not stretch across the screen.
lenfourteen ratingone For some reason, my nexus s defaults to Samsung keyboard and it really annoys.
lenten ratingtwo The latest update causes Chrome to constantly crash on the S2.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Had to stop using this keyboard because it's made browsing impossibly slow and frustrating.
lennineteen ratingthree On occasion, the words selection bar doesn't appear and the letters typed are not accepted by the application.
lenthirtyone ratingfive when I reboot my phone (Nexus S) the stock android keyboard is the default one, so I have to go back to the settings to make swiftkey the default keyboard again.
leneighteen ratingfive Was great when first purchased but following an update it no longer works on my HTC Desire HD.
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo My use case: Type something and select one of the three suggestions on the top of the keyboard. In my scenario (three languages, de/en_US/he) this fails a lot (I think mostly with German words).
lentwelve ratingfour 4 stars because no predictive text in web browser on JellyBean Galaxy S3 LTE.
lenthirteen ratingfour Typing email addresses and other long but irregular words can be a pain.
lennineteen ratingtwo Deleted after a week or so as it was constantly irritating me and just wouldnt let certain words go .
lentwenty ratingthree It shows up briefly after long press(which is inconvenient too) and goes away after a fraction of a second.
lensixteen ratingfour Basically, you don't have to release the long press to get the long press option.
lennine ratingfive But please add Chinese language support, really need it.
lenthirty ratingfour When in horizontal view you can't see any of the other persons messages. I even changed the layout to small to give more room but still won't show.
lentwelve ratingfour It's pointless to even go horizontal if you can read anything.
lennineteen ratingone Every time I restart my Note 2 (AT&T) I have to re select swift key again to use it.
lenfive ratingfive How about a character counter.
lenthirty ratingfive When I am writing on some apps that limit characters, such as a status update, I can't see how much I have put in without hitting the back button.
lenfourteen ratingfive You could add a character count on the right above/below the send button.
lenthirteen ratingfive Would be even better if the personal dictionaries could be synced to cloud.
lenfour ratingfive Could be more customizable.
lenfourteen ratingfour I just took one star off because shortcuts/ personal dictionary would make it perfect.
leneighteen ratingone But continuously 'disappears.' All settings are correct but it will not appear when I need to type something!!
lenseven ratingfive Also, I'm ready for more themes.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree Was great on my nexus s but on the Xperia u it causes quite a bit of lag on coming up and down to the point where the whole phone feels sluggish.
lentwentytwo ratingthree That isn't to say that the dwiftkey keyboard is bad, if it weren't for the lag it would be great
leneighteen ratingfive What I like here is the intelligence and the prediction power, which, by the way, can be improved.
lenthirtynine ratingfive Now the prediction is based just on recent writing, if I go back to continue a bit older texts with special terminology I realize that all the power of prediction is gone, have to learn it again from zero..
lentwelve ratingfive And in Romanian predictions are not even close to those in English..
lentwentytwo ratingtwo However, now with Jellybean 4.1.2 when swift key is selected as default keyboard, it takes quite awhile for the keyboard to open up.
lenten ratingfive It's would be refreshing to see other keyboard themes.
lenseven ratingthree Sometimes the suggestions don't pop up.
lenfive ratingtwo When is more themes coming
lentwentytwo ratingone It's been MONTHS since hundreds if not thousands of users faithfully and trustingly waiting for the additional of Chinese language support.
lenten ratingone But with more languages added,Chinese never made the list.
lenten ratingfive My only issue is lack themes! Please add way more .
lentwentyone ratingthree PLZ FIX TO WHERE THE KEYS WILL RESPOND TO PPL THAT TYPES FAST IT FREEZES ALOT N IM A QUICK TXTER
lenten ratingfour Unfortunately, the keyboard is simply not visible when using Chrome.
lenseventeen ratingfour Awesome keyboard but lacks pen detection for Note ii. Please include this in the next update :D
lentwentyfive ratingfour its a bit of a hassle to keep on changing between this and stock keyboard when I want to use the S-Pen Thanks :D
lensix ratingfive I wish it had trace however.
lenthree ratingone Need more themes.
lentwo ratingone Need t9 input
lenthirtyseven ratingone My use case: Type something and select one of the three suggestions on the top of the keyboard.  In my scenario (three languages, de/en_US/he) this fails a lot (I think mostly with German words).
lennineteen ratingone Type something, select the completion and the current text isn't replaced with the selected word, but removed entirely.
lennineteen ratingone Combining multiple languages in one keyboard (one for de/en_US instead of two different) is crap as well.
lenten ratingfour The portrait mode doesn't give me a predictions anymore.
leneleven ratingtwo But it makes my browser crash allmost everytime I use it.
lenfifteen ratingfour Great except every time the phone turns off it resets to the default Samsung keyboard.
lennine ratingthree Any reason why I can't load language packs?
lentwenty ratingtwo Some apps result in SwiftKey replacing the enter key with the smiley key as primary and long press as enter.
lennineteen ratingtwo If there was an option to remove the smiley and leave as enter this wouldn't be an issue.
lentwentyfive ratingfour 1, an option to add/remove words from the dictionary is present. The current method for word learning requires a few uses of the desired word.
lenfourteen ratingfour 2, a backup feature, so I don't lose my dictionary when I migrate phones.
lenseventeen ratingtwo SwiftKey 3 its crashing in web browser (chrome and stock browser) while selecting search bar and editing txt.
lensix ratingfive Although you should make more themes.
lenfourteen ratingthree It doesn't seem to access my Gmail for personalization, it keeps saying failed.
lennine ratingfive Is there no way of changing the language priorities?
lenthirtytwo ratingfour Faroese language is not registered, and I understand why because it is so small, but I wish I somehow could personalize the languages even more.so that it automatickly remebers faroese words
lenfourteen ratingone runbish, installed but wouldnt download languages so couldnt use it pluss couldnt re fund
leneighteen ratingtwo Has been my keyboard of choice for a while but it just doesn't work on Jelly Bean -
lenfourteen ratingtwo if you can't download the language packs you can't use the keyboard!
lenseven ratingone Cannot download the languages or use it
lentwentyone ratingone I just heard all these good things about this app and then right from the start the languages don't download...
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Before it started hiding key. When you long press a key to get the options it hides behind the other keys but only on 3rd party text boxes.
lensix ratingfive But there should be more themes
lensixteen ratingthree PLZ make more themes n can u make the key board look like adapt keyboards plz
leneleven ratingthree The keyboard itself is great but the word predictions are atrocious.
lentwentyfive ratingthree Why can't it learn directly from all of my typing, instead of having to via gmail, twitter or Facebook - none of which I have.
lenfour ratingthree Please improve the predictions.
leneighteen ratingfour It's alright I guess but it seems to have a knack for freezing up high end devices
lenfifteen ratingfive But keeps failing to download English language pack update so now I have no autocorrect :(
lenthirtyfour ratingfour I would give it a 5 star as it's perfect but it's annoying that despite being set as my default keyboard I still have to switch to it every time my phone restarts.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo I like the speed it allows me to type but the predictions that automatically insert when I don't notice change my word completely.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo And the most annoying thing of all that hasn't been fixed yet by any update, is the app some how turns off my haptic feed back.
lentwentyfive ratingone There's a bug where the predictive keyboard doesn't always register. You have to come out of the message and go back into it.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree The word prediction is spot on, the different themes look great, but the inability to use swype is annoying, as is the inability to use ALT+backspace to delete an entire line of text.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo Because if a user inputs a VALID word, the program should NOT auto-replace it with anything else, no matter how much more relevant it thinks that is.
leneleven ratingfive Only thing lacking is the ability for handwriting with note 2 spen.
lentwentyfive ratingfour I'd like it more context sensitive (eg: email vs sms, my gf vs my boss,  etc), but not sure if android passes that info.
lenfifteen ratingfour IT FORCES CLOSE WHEN USING ON CHROME, quite randomly, but too often to be acceptable.
lensixteen ratingfour But has an annoying habit of auto correcting correctly spelt shorter words into inappropriate longer ones.
lenfourteen ratingfour this is the best keyboard ever, but it eats quite a lot of memory
lenthirteen ratingthree As I'm typing the cursor jumps to the middle of a sentence.
lensixteen ratingthree It has some great features, but there is a noticeable lag with my GSM Galaxy Nexus.
lenthirtyfive ratingone the whole point of the Samsung Galaxy is the swiping, it differs from every other kind of phone, and this app does not support swiping this app sucks,I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone 5 stars when i can disable prediction in favor of more screen real estate.
lensixteen ratingone Was working fine until it said that it is unable to load language packs, including English!
lenseven ratingfour 1. Landscape is always full screen (no option)
lenthirteen ratingfour 2. No option to toggle auto-space after punctuation and selecting predicted/corrected word.
lentwentyfour ratingfour 2. Prediction doesn't show up in a lot of cases where it should - should always pop up unless in a username or password dialog.
lenfifteen ratingfour 4. Speech to text doesn't come up reliably - many times pops up and immediately disappears.
lenfive ratingfour 5.  Sometimes sluggish to open / type.
lennine ratingthree Why there is no Chinese language in this keyboard.
lenseven ratingthree And also pls have more theme color
lentwelve ratingfour Would give 5 stars but it keeps defaulting back to the stock keyboard.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree I would absolutely love it if you guys could make an update that would allow the user to be able to type in a SWYPE style format instead of having to punch letter after letter.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Lately there has been issues where the auto correct won't work and sometimes I'll type but nothing pops up, not until I try like 100 times
lentwentynine ratingfour 1) SwiftKey should learn from sms, Gmail etc automatically without having to go through settings manually. Before I knew this it annoyed me SwiftKey wasn't learning from my sms.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour 2) when you type a word that's not in the dictionary and SwiftKey changes it to something I don't want, when I backspace I should have my originally typed word as an option.
leneight ratingfive I just wish I could download more themes
lentwentyone ratingfive In the configuration screen I set it as my default keyboard but after a while it keeps shifting to another keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Wish we had a support forum about the product we download.
lennineteen ratingfive Could you add a new theme "RED NEON" just like the blue neon (which is great by the way)....
lenthirteen ratingthree Please add emoji there is alot of free keyboards have the emoji symbols :-$
leneight ratingone Phones keeps hanging and crashing after last update
leneleven ratingthree very nice keyboard but only thing lacking is choice of themes.
leneight ratingthree almost all themes are with closely spaced keys.
leneighteen ratingthree you guys shud add more themes like sony keyboard style or iphone style or stock android jellybean look
lennineteen ratingfour Loving this keyboard so far, would give it 5 stars except that there is no support for Chinese typing yet.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Minor niggles are: Please make apostrophes, colons and semi-colons behave like commas and full stops. ie automatic changing of space position.
leneleven ratingfive Apostrophes could be dealt with better too with respect to prompting.
lentwentyone ratingfour Only problem I ever had was that it often capitalizes words it shouldn't. Like the dutch word "door" or "dank".
lenseventeen ratingfour Perhaps implement swipe that works as well as Google's implementation and I'll try it again?
lentwentyone ratingfive My only gripe is that it doesn't have more black themed keyboard for us AMOLED screen users (to save power!).
leneight ratingfive The Neon theme is getting a little old...
leneleven ratingfive It crashes every time when I add tags into Tumblr app.
lensix ratingthree I wish it was swype capable
lenten ratingfour Only if there were more options to customize the UI.
lentwenty ratingfour Got no use for smileys, instead I'd like to bind that to open the second page of special characters.
leneight ratingtwo Doesn't learn some words despite multiple entries.
leneleven ratingtwo And now it's failing to show the predictive word bar.
lenfourteen ratingthree Works great except several times everyday I have to set it as my default.
lentwenty ratingone Got annoyed after they teased us with an upcoming swype like feature and haven't heard anything about it since...
lentwenty ratingfive Well would be better if it were a bit more customizable where the user can define the words and shortcuts.
leneighteen ratingfour Would give 5 stars if a personal dictionary is added as well as the option to learn from whatsapp.
lenten ratingfour Since I updated to 4.2, the keyboard has been way slower.
lensix ratingtwo Unable to install after second step.
leneleven ratingone Seriously what's with them having access to everything we type???
lennine ratingfive Would love it if it had more symbols though :)
lentwenty ratingthree Not the first time the bloody thing outdates all language packs with no warning when I have no network access.
lenten ratingfour The only thing it's missing is more character options!!
lenthirteen ratingfive Awesome keyboard but hopefully there will be han yin pinyin support real soon
lenthirtysix ratingfour It's an amazing keyboard except that if you misspell a word and it underlines it, and you select the proper word it doesn't actually change it. It just puts the cursor at that location.
lentwentynine ratingfour This is a great app even if now there is the new android 4.2 but to get 5 stars it HAS to have SWIPE like in the new version of android!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingfive I only wish there was an option to disable the instant space after a punctuation.
lentwenty ratingfive I constantly hit the space bar after inserting a period which adds a word that I didn't want there.
leneight ratingthree On jellybean now on note 2. Really buggy now.
lensixteen ratingthree Very slow to backspace through words and randomly won't display autocorrect suggestions or correct anything.
lentwelve ratingthree Have to close keyboard and reopen to get suggestions way too often.
lenthirteen ratingone Has been brilliant but something has caused the language packs not to download!
leneight ratingfour But on my Thunderbolt multi touch has issues.
lenfifteen ratingfive It's a very good application but it support traditional Chinese language will be perfect.
lensixteen ratingfive One thing though, it always corrects "texting" to "testing" is texting not a word or something?
lenseven ratingfive A few more themes would be nice.
lenfifteen ratingfive Only thing missing is a clipboard but other than that it fires on all cylinders
lentwenty ratingfive My only complaint is that every time I restart the phone, it goes back to the default factory Samsung keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingone Everytime I turn my phone off or restart it it goes back to default keyboard and I have to keep activating this one...
lentwentythree ratingone Can't turn off the auto inserted space after a period or question mark. All my messages now have extra spaces after them.
lenseventeen ratingthree Love this keyboard, but every time I turn the handset off and on it loses default settings.
lentwenty ratingfive Only one problem is that I don't always get the word select option in some apps such as Firefox.
lenfiftyone ratingthree It's the best keyboard I have used by far, and I love the themes (but maybe a couple more? Or a way to make our own?) but it has issues with certain words like page, which it often automatically capitalizes or it will change "love" to "live" (or something similar).
lensixteen ratingthree Edit: Half the time, dragging for punctuation deletes the word I'm typing since JB update.
lentwentyfour ratingthree Some of the layout designs annoy me and it takes a long-press to activate voice typing which is frustrating when in a hurry.
lensix ratingone Worked a couple times before crashing.
lentwenty ratingone Now can't get beyond choosing English language download due to 'network error', no matter how good my connection is.
lensixteen ratingone The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous. Allow the option to turn it off.
lenten ratingthree Trying to type a username and the autocorrect changes it.
lennineteen ratingfour Good app but ever since my phone updated to jelly bean today, the keyboard has been a little laggy.
lentwentynine ratingfour And the hepatic feedback feels different than it did before. Even at 2ms I can feel it way more than I could before when it was at 7ms, which is inconvenient.
lenfifteen ratingfive And what's with not being able to put arrow keys on the tablet version?
lensixteen ratingfive I'd really like to see a winter/Christmas theme like they havr for Halloween though.
lentwentyone ratingfour Also doesnt have a feature to minimize the keyboard. I could not access a certain app one time because of this.
lenthirtysix ratingone so when I am typing a text, the auto correct lags behind then inserts the mistake repeatedly back to back. not only that, but by the time it catches up, it has already sent the message.
lensixteen ratingone additionally, in the chrome browser the keyboard won't let me type in the appropriate space.
lennine ratingfour I find myself constantly switching between LastPass & SwiftKey Keyboards. :-\
lenseventeen ratingfour Although it kinda Sucks how I had to pay for multiple Downloads for each of my devices.
lenthirteen ratingthree i like everything about this app with 1 (very significant) exception.no swipe feature.
lentwentythree ratingthree i am super-dependent on using swipe to enter words, so without that, there's no real point in me having this app.
lenfifteen ratingtwo It won't autocorrect my misspellings when set to inert a period with double space.
leneighteen ratingtwo when set to insert a prediction, will insert a random word whenever I use punctuation and then space.
lenten ratingfive the only problem i have is the themes, needs more.
lennine ratingfive The only issue I have is lack of themes.
lenfour ratingfive Also, no Japanese support!? ...